-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 rh17oLEIeY0jOmEoLrJB580RzlKdksi4rDHnpSpYNSrfXMlOb6EXNR+R6iQV2X/2
 PSSmQiMcJQMjiMfV5JWxEw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000276477-94-000018.txt : 19940829
<IMS-HEADER>0000276477-94-000018.hdr.sgml : 19940829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000276477-94-000018
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940531
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940817

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HILLHAVEN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000276477
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	8050
		IRS NUMBER:				911459952
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10426
		FILM NUMBER:		94544817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1148 BROADWAY PLZ
		CITY:			TACOMA
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2065724901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERIT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>







                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                                Washington, D.C. 20549
                                      
                                       FORM 10-K

          (MARK ONE)

          [x]  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
               Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
               [Fee Required]
               For the fiscal year ended May 31, 1994
                                          OR
          [ ]  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
               Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
               [No Fee Required]
               For the transition period from ________ to ________

                            Commission file number 1-10426

                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                      Nevada                           91-1459952
          (State or other jurisdiction of           (I.R.S. Employer
          incorporation or organization)           Identification No.)

                1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA                            98402
               (Address of principal                   (Zip Code)
                executive offices)                           

                            Registrant's telephone number,
                         including area code: (206) 572-4901
                                   ________________

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                Title of each class               Name of each exchange
                                                  on which registered 

          Common Stock, Par Value $0.75 
            per share                            New York Stock Exchange
          Preferred Stock Purchase Rights        New York Stock Exchange
          7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated 
            Debentures                           New York Stock Exchange
                                   ________________

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

               Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
          all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
          Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
          (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
          file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
          requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x  No ___


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
          pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein,
          and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
          in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by
          reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
          Form 10-K. [x]

               As of August 8, 1994, there were 27,174,778 shares of Common
          Stock, par value $0.75 per share, outstanding.  The aggregate
          market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates
          of the registrant on August 8, 1994, was approximately
          $339,401,272.  For purposes of the foregoing calculation only,
          National Medical Enterprises, Inc. and all directors and
          executive officers of the registrant have been deemed affiliates.

               Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for the
          registrant's Annual Meeting of Stockholders have been
          incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.









































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          <TABLE>
                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 1994

                      THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

          <CAPTION>
                                                                  Page
                                        Part I
          <S>       <C>                                          <C>
          Item  1.  Business                                        1
          Item  2.  Properties                                     21
          Item  3.  Legal Proceedings                              21
          Item  4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of 
                    Security Holders                               21

                                       Part II

          Item  5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity          
                    and Related Stockholder Matters                21
          Item  6.  Selected Financial Data                        22
          Item  7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
                    Financial Condition and Results of 
                    Operations                                     25
          Item  8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    33
          Item  9.  Changes in and Disagreements with 
                    Accountants on Accounting and 
                    Financial Disclosure                           33

                                       Part III

          Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the 
                    Registrant                                     33
          Item 11.  Executive Compensation                         33
          Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial 
                    Owners and Management                          33
          Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related 
                    Transactions                                   33

                                       Part IV

          Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
                    and Reports on Form 8-K                        34














          </TABLE>
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                        PART I
          Item 1.   Business

          General

               The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation
          ("Hillhaven", the "Registrant" or the "Company"), operates
          nursing centers, pharmacies and retirement housing communities. 
          Hillhaven was incorporated in May 1989 by National Medical
          Enterprises, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "NME") in
          anticipation of a spin-off by NME of substantially all of its
          domestic long term care operations in a dividend distribution of
          Hillhaven common stock to NME shareholders that was effected in
          January 1990 (the "Spin-off").  As part of the Spin-off,
          Hillhaven and NME entered into certain agreements which included
          the leasing of initially 115 nursing centers and four retirement
          housing communities adjacent thereto, the borrowing of certain
          sums of money and the managing of certain nursing centers located
          on NME hospital campuses.  These relationships are discussed in
          more detail under "Certain Transactions" in the Proxy Statement
          for the Company's 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

               Based upon the number of beds in service and net operating
          revenues, Hillhaven is the second largest long term care provider
          in the United States and believes that it is one of the leading
          providers of Alzheimer's care.  At May 31, 1994, the Company
          operated 288 nursing centers (of which 194 were owned, 78 were
          leased and 16 were managed for others) with 36,249 licensed beds. 
          The nursing centers are located in 33 states and range in
          capacity from 42 to 692 beds.  For the year ended May 31, 1994,
          average nursing center occupancy was 93.4%.  Pharmacy operations
          are conducted through the Company's subsidiary, Medisave
          Pharmacies, Inc. ("Medisave"), which, as of May 31, 1994,
          consisted of 40 institutional pharmacies and 32 retail pharmacies
          located in 19 states.  The Company also operates 19 retirement
          housing communities containing an aggregate of 2,622 apartment
          units located in 14 states.

               The Company provides a wide range of diversified health care
          services, including long term care and subacute medical and
          rehabilitation services, such as wound care, oncology treatment,
          brain injury care, stroke therapy and orthopedic therapy. 
          Subacute medical and rehabilitation services are offered at all
          of the Company's nursing centers and are the fastest growing
          component of the Company's nursing center operations,
          constituting approximately 24.7% of nursing center net operating
          revenues in fiscal 1994, 19.4% in fiscal 1993 and 13.6% in fiscal
          1992.  Hillhaven believes that it is also one of the largest
          providers of physical, occupational and speech therapies in the
          United States.  In addition, the Company currently provides long
          term care to residents of the Company's nursing centers with
          Alzheimer's disease through 61 Alzheimer's care units with 1,870
          beds.   The Company does not presently maintain designated beds
          for specialty care services, other than for Alzheimer's care,
          where the patients benefit from segregated facilities.  The
          Company's experience has been that subacute medical and
          rehabilitation services, particularly rehabilitation, can be 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          effectively and successfully integrated into its standard nursing
          center operations at the majority of its centers, in most cases
          with little physical reconfiguration of or modification to the
          facilities.

               Nursing center net operating revenues, comprised primarily
          of net patient revenues, accounted for 85.5% and 84.9% of
          Hillhaven's total net operating revenues for fiscal 1994 and
          1993, respectively.  In fiscal 1994, the Company derived 50.2% of
          its net patient revenues from Medicaid, 26.8% from private pay
          and other sources and 23.0% from Medicare.  In fiscal 1993, the
          comparable figures were 54.8%, 26.8% and 18.4%, respectively. 
          Pharmacy operations accounted for 12.2% and 13.1% of Hillhaven's
          total net operating revenues for fiscal 1994 and 1993,
          respectively.  In fiscal 1994, institutional pharmacy operations
          constituted approximately 76% of Medisave's total net operating
          revenues, compared to 63% in fiscal 1993.  Retirement housing
          operations represented 2.3% and 2.0% of Hillhaven's total net
          operating revenues for fiscal 1994 and 1993, respectively.  Under
          segment reporting criteria, Hillhaven believes its only material
          business segment is "health care," which contributed
          substantially all of the Company's net operating revenues and
          substantially all of its operating profits for fiscal 1994.

          The Recapitalization

               Since the Spin-off, it has been management's intention to
          improve Hillhaven's balance sheet (in particular, its debt-to-
          equity ratio) and to gradually decrease the extent of the
          relationship between Hillhaven and NME.  To this end, prior to
          September 1993, the Company had purchased all but 23 of the 115
          nursing centers originally leased from NME, had restructured its
          leases relating to the NME-owned nursing centers to eliminate
          contingent rent provisions and to fix the purchase option prices,
          had repaid $96.8 million of the $145.9 million principal amount
          of notes issued by Hillhaven to NME at the time of the Spin-off,
          had issued $35 million of its 8-1/4% cumulative nonvoting Series
          C Preferred Stock (the "Series C Preferred Stock") to NME and
          used the proceeds to repay higher cost debt and had reduced the
          amount of obligations guaranteed by NME, for which the Company
          pays a guarantee fee, to $699.0 million at May 31, 1993.

               On September 2, 1993, Hillhaven substantially completed a
          recapitalization plan (the "Recapitalization") which improved its
          balance sheet, extended maturities of outstanding indebtedness,
          increased operating flexibility through the acquisition of
          previously leased facilities, fixed the interest rates on a
          portion of its previously floating rate indebtedness and also
          reduced the extent of the relationship between the Company and
          NME.

               Through the Recapitalization, the Company's relationship
          with NME was modified by (i) the purchase of the remaining 23
          facilities leased from NME (the "Leased Facilities") for $111.8
          million, (ii) the repayment of all existing debt to NME in the
          aggregate principal amount of $147.2 million, (iii) the release 



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          of NME guarantees on approximately $400 million of debt, (iv) the
          limitation of the annual fee payable to NME in connection with
          the maintenance of the remaining guarantees to 2% of the
          remaining amount guaranteed and (v) the amendment of existing
          agreements to eliminate obligations of NME to provide additional
          financing to the Company.  

               The Recapitalization was financed through (i) the issuance
          to NME of $120 million of a newly created series of payable-in-
          kind preferred stock (the "Series D Preferred Stock"), (ii) the
          incurrence by First Healthcare Corporation, the Company's
          principal operating subsidiary ("FHC"), of a $175 million five-
          year term loan under a secured credit facility with a syndicate
          of banks (the "Bank Term Loan"), (iii) the issuance of $175
          million of 10-1/8% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2001 (the
          "Offering"), (iv) the borrowing of $30 million under an accounts
          receivable-backed credit facility (the "Accounts Receivable
          Financing") and (v) the use of approximately $39 million of cash.

               The Recapitalization included a $100 million letter of
          credit facility to be used to provide credit enhancement for and
          replace NME guarantees on the Company's industrial revenue bonds,
          and an $85 million revolving bank line of credit.  In February
          1994, the letter of credit facility was reduced to $90 million. 
          The availability of the revolving line of credit allows the
          Company to maintain lower cash balances and may facilitate
          repayments of higher-rate debt or provide cash for investment or
          other corporate purposes.

               Following the Recapitalization, NME has continued to be a
          substantial shareholder of the Company, but is no longer a lessor
          to or creditor of the Company.  NME has continued as a guarantor
          of certain leases and a significantly reduced portion of the
          Company's debt.  In the short term, the removal of NME as a
          guarantor of certain of the Company's indebtedness has caused the
          Company to incur debt at higher interest rates than may have been
          available previously.  However, this cost has been balanced by
          the reduction of guarantee fees paid to NME and the replacement
          of $120 million of indebtedness with the Series D Preferred
          Stock.  In addition, the Company has benefited by capping at 2%
          NME's guarantee fee, which otherwise would have escalated to 3%. 
          New funds are anticipated to be obtained at rates which the
          Company believes will be lower than the rates which it would have
          otherwise obtained on financing provided by NME.

               The Recapitalization is discussed in more detail under
          "Certain Transactions" in the Proxy Statement for the Company's
          1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

          Industry Trends

               The Company believes that several industry trends will
          contribute to growth opportunities.  These trends include an
          aging population, the increasing shift of patients from acute
          care and rehabilitation hospitals to nursing centers due to the
          nationwide emphasis on health care cost containment, the health
          care system reform proposals being considered by the federal and 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          state governments and others, the growth in demand for long term
          care services and centers currently exceeding the growth in
          supply and the increasing complexity of and more burdensome
          operating standards for the delivery of pharmaceutical products
          and services to nursing centers and other institutions.

               Aging Population.  People over the age of 65 are the primary
          users of long term care.  Based on U.S. Census Bureau data, this
          segment of the population in the United States has grown from
          approximately 25 million in 1980 to approximately 31 million in
          1990.  This age group is expected to increase to approximately 35
          million by the year 2000.  The fastest growing segment of the
          United States population is the over-85 age group, which is
          expected to increase from approximately 3.4 million in 1991 to
          approximately 4.6 million in 2000.  Advances in medical
          technology have increased life expectancies; as a result, an
          increasing number of elderly patients require a high level of
          care not historically available outside an acute care hospital.

               Earlier Hospital Discharge to Nursing Centers.  Based on
          reports in health care industry journals, in recent years,
          average lengths of stay in hospitals have been decreasing, in
          part as a result of governmental and private pay sources
          attempting to control health care costs by adopting reimbursement
          strategies that encourage earlier discharge from hospitals.  Many
          patients leaving hospitals require skilled nursing care and
          rehabilitation services of the type that the Company provides.

               Health Care System Reforms.  In an effort to combat
          increasing health care costs, governmental entities and insurance
          companies are considering ways to contain costs, including
          adjusting Medicaid eligibility requirements and encouraging
          patients to obtain treatment from lower cost providers.  The
          Company believes that, as a low cost provider of subacute medical
          and rehabilitation services, it is well-positioned to benefit
          from these reforms.

               Nursing Center Supply/Demand Imbalance.  Based on reports in
          long term care industry journals, while demand for nursing center
          beds has increased in recent years, the supply has remained
          relatively unchanged.  Construction and expansion of nursing
          centers is regulated in most states, and the ability to obtain
          financing for these activities in the past was adversely affected
          by lending limitations imposed by the financial institutions
          industry.

               Increasing Complexity of Institutional Pharmaceutical
          Requirements.  The Company believes that the implementation of
          the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987 ("OBRA") in October
          1990 has further increased the demand for the Company's
          pharmaceutical services.  Nursing centers are responsible for
          complying with more stringent standards of care established by
          OBRA, which include planning, monitoring and reporting the
          progress of prescription drug therapy.  Based on reports in long
          term care industry journals, nursing center administrators and
          directors of nursing now seek sophisticated and experienced
          pharmacies with trained consultant pharmacists and computerized 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          documentation programs to help ensure regulatory compliance. 
          Retail pharmacies, which generally lack the breadth of service
          and do not focus on the special requirements of nursing centers,
          are being replaced with institutional pharmacies that can more
          effectively serve this market.  

          Business Strategy

               Operating Strategy

               The Company's operating strategy is designed to take
          advantage of several important industry trends, a number of which
          are favorable, and includes expanding higher revenue specialty
          care services, increasing private pay and Medicare census,
          maintaining high occupancy levels and expanding Medisave's
          institutional pharmacy operations.

               Expansion of Specialty Care Services.  Hillhaven intends to
          continue to expand its specialty care programs and services. 
          These services generally produce higher revenues than do routine
          nursing care services and serve to differentiate the Company's
          facilities from others in a given market.  The Company intends to
          expand its subacute medical and rehabilitation services, which
          include wound care, oncology treatment, brain injury care, stroke
          therapy and orthopedic therapy.  The expansion of these services
          is designed to increase private pay and Medicare revenues which
          are higher than reimbursement rates for traditional long term
          care services.  

               Increasing Private Pay and Medicare Census.  Hillhaven is
          also working to increase private pay and Medicare census by
          further developing and maintaining relationships with traditional
          referral sources and by entering into contracts with private
          insurance companies to provide subacute medical and
          rehabilitation services to their insureds.  Increasing the number
          of managed care patients in the Company's nursing centers is an
          increasingly important component of the Company's marketing
          strategy.  Hillhaven's subacute medical and rehabilitation
          services offer a less expensive alternative to hospital care for
          patients who need specialized nursing care but do not require
          many of the other services provided in an acute care hospital. 
          As of May 31, 1994, the Company was operating under 139 such
          managed health care contracts.

               Maintaining High Occupancy Levels.  The Company believes in
          maintaining high occupancy levels in existing facilities through
          (i) an enhanced emphasis on local marketing efforts in which
          nursing center employees are charged with actively marketing
          their services within the community, (ii) broadening the scope
          and character of services provided in each nursing center and
          (iii) favorable demographic trends.  The Company believes that
          maintaining high occupancy levels enables it to realize greater
          economies of scale.  In fiscal 1994, Hillhaven had an average
          occupancy in its ongoing nursing centers of 93.4%.  However,
          certain facilities, particularly in the western states, have
          lower occupancy rates, and management's strategy is to increase
          occupancy levels in the nursing centers in these states.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Expansion of Institutional Pharmacy Business.  The Company
          is a leading provider of comprehensive pharmacy services to
          nursing centers and their patients.  Medisave has a growth
          strategy which includes (i) continued penetration of existing
          markets, (ii) expansion into selected new markets and
          (iii) increasing infusion and enteral therapy revenues by
          targeting specific health care providers.

               Financial Strategy

               The Company's financial strategy is designed to increase the
          equity base of the Company over time and to provide flexibility
          to capitalize on attractive business opportunities.  The key
          elements of this financial strategy include reducing or
          refinancing indebtedness, purchasing leased nursing centers and
          divesting nursing centers that do not perform satisfactorily.

               Reducing or Refinancing Indebtedness.  The Company's plan to
          reduce or refinance indebtedness is designed to improve the
          Company's debt-to-equity ratio, reduce the overall interest rates
          on indebtedness (including guarantee fees) and extend the
          maturities and amortization of the Company's indebtedness.

               Purchasing Leased Nursing Centers.  Since the Spin-off, 
          Hillhaven has purchased 136 of the 239 nursing centers that were
          leased at that time.  The acquisition of the Leased Facilities
          completed the Company's purchase of all of the 115 facilities
          previously leased from NME.  The Company generally considers
          ownership of nursing centers preferable to leasing, both in the
          short term and in the long term, because it provides increased
          operating flexibility and the opportunity to benefit from future
          real estate appreciation.

               Conclusion of the Disposition Program.  On December 5, 1991,
          Hillhaven announced a restructuring plan designed to improve its
          long-term financial strength and operating performance by
          disposing of underperforming nursing centers, restructuring
          facility leases with NME and selling $35 million of Series C
          Preferred Stock to NME in order to prepay indebtedness owed to
          NME.  The plan involved the sale or sublease of 82 nursing
          centers, which disposition was intended to allow the Company to
          concentrate on markets and services that offer higher profits, as
          well as to realize reductions in overhead costs.  As of
          November 30, 1993, the Company had completed the disposition of
          50 of these nursing centers, as well as three retirement housing
          facilities which, prior to March 1, 1992, had been recorded as
          discontinued operations.  During the second quarter of fiscal
          1994, the Company reviewed its asset disposition program and,
          because of improvements in reimbursement rates and results of
          operations, decided not to pursue the sale of the remaining
          nursing homes and a retirement housing facility, but instead
          reinstated these facilities as ongoing operations.  On
          December 31, 1993, the Company completed the sale of 13
          additional nursing centers, nine of which had previously been
          held for disposition.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Nursing Centers

               Hillhaven's nursing center operations provide skilled
          nursing, residential and rehabilitative care in 288 nursing
          centers in 33 states.  At May 31, 1994, Hillhaven owned 194 and
          leased 78 nursing centers.  These nursing centers had a total of
          34,162 licensed beds, with individual nursing center capacities
          ranging from 42 to 692 beds.  In addition, seven nursing centers
          are managed for partnerships or joint ventures in which Hillhaven
          has an equity interest and nine nursing centers are managed for
          NME and other third parties for management fees usually based
          upon a percentage of nursing center revenues.

               Hillhaven is a leading provider of rehabilitation services,
          including physical, occupational and speech therapies. 
          Rehabilitation services are provided in all of the Company's
          nursing centers.  The majority of patients in rehabilitation
          programs stay for eight weeks or less.  Patients in
          rehabilitation programs generally provide for higher revenues
          than other nursing center patients because they use a higher
          level of ancillary services.  In addition, management believes
          that Hillhaven is one of the leading providers of care for
          patients with Alzheimer's disease.  At May 31, 1994, the Company
          offered treatment in approximately 1,870 beds in 61 nursing
          centers for patients suffering from Alzheimer's disease.  Many of
          these patients reside in separate units within the nursing
          centers and are cared for by teams of professionals specializing
          in the unique problems experienced by Alzheimer's patients.

               Marketing

               The factors which affect consumers' selection of a nursing
          center vary from community to community and include competition
          and a provider's relationships with local referral sources. 
          Competition creates the standards against which nursing centers
          in a given market are judged by various referral sources, which
          include physicians, hospital discharge planners, community
          organizations and families.  Therefore, Hillhaven's marketing
          efforts are conducted at the local market level by the nursing
          center administrators, admissions coordinators and others. 
          Nursing center personnel are assisted in carrying out their
          marketing strategies by regional marketing staffs.  The Company's
          marketing efforts are directed toward improving the payor mix at
          the nursing centers by increasing the census of private pay
          patients, patients covered by managed care contracts and Medicare
          patients.  To this end, the Company is working to educate the
          various referral sources about the value of Hillhaven's nursing
          centers as an attractive lower cost alternative to acute care and
          rehabilitation hospitals for subacute medical care and specialty
          services.

               Operations

               Each nursing center is managed by a state licensed
          administrator who is supported by other professional personnel,
          including a director of nursing, staff development professional
          (responsible for employee training), activities director, 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          business office manager and, in general, physical, occupational
          and speech therapists.  The directors of nursing are state
          licensed nurses who supervise nursing staffs which include
          registered nurses, licensed practical nurses and nursing
          assistants.  Staff size and composition vary depending on the
          size and occupancy of each nursing center and on the level of
          care provided by the nursing center.  The nursing centers
          contract with physicians who serve as medical directors and serve
          on quality assurance committees.

               The nursing centers are supported by regional staff in the
          areas of nursing, dietary and rehabilitation services,
          maintenance, human resources, marketing and financial services. 
          In addition, corporate staff in Tacoma, Washington provide other
          services in the areas of marketing assistance, human resource
          management, state and federal reimbursement, state licensing and
          certification, legal, finance and accounting support.  Financial
          control is maintained principally through fiscal and accounting
          policies established at the corporate level for use at the
          nursing centers.

               Quality of care is monitored and enhanced by quality
          assurance committees, regional quality assurance teams and family
          satisfaction surveys.  The quality assurance committees oversee
          patient health care needs and resident and staff safety. 
          Additionally, physicians serve on the quality assurance
          committees as medical directors and advise on health care
          policies and practices.  Regional consultants visit each nursing
          center periodically to review practices and recommend
          improvements where necessary in the level of care provided and to
          assure compliance with requirements under applicable Medicare and
          Medicaid regulations.  Surveys of residents' families are
          conducted from time to time in which the families are asked to
          rate various aspects of service and the physical condition of the
          nursing centers.  These surveys are reviewed by nursing center
          administrators to help ensure quality care.

               Hillhaven provides training programs for nursing center
          administrators, managers, nurses and nursing assistants.  These
          programs are designed to provide career opportunities for
          employees and to maintain high levels of quality patient care.

               Approximately 99% of the nursing centers are currently
          certified to receive benefits provided under Medicare and
          Medicaid programs.  Medicare is a federal health insurance
          program primarily for the elderly.  Medicaid is a joint
          federal/state program providing medical assistance to the
          indigent.  A nursing center's qualification to participate in
          such programs depends upon many factors, including, among other
          things, accommodations, equipment, services, safety, personnel,
          physical environmental and adequate policies and procedures.








          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Occupancy Level

               The following table sets forth for the periods indicated
          data with respect to numbers of owned or leased nursing centers
          operated by Hillhaven, numbers of beds and occupancy levels. 
          (Data with respect to facilities managed by the Company for
          partnership and joint ventures in which the Company has an equity
          interest and for third parties are not included.  See
          "Facilities.")
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                               No. of              
                              Operating
                               Nursing          No. of
            Fiscal Year        Centers           Beds           Average
           Ended May 31,     At Year End     At Year End       Occupancy
          <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
               1994              272            34,162           93.4%   
               1993              284            35,139           93.4   
               1992              334            41,089           91.6  
                                                   
          </TABLE>
               Sources of Revenues

               Net patient care revenues are derived principally from
          Medicare and Medicaid programs and from private pay patients. 
          Consistent with the nursing home industry generally, changes in
          the mix of Hillhaven's patient population among these three
          categories significantly affect the profitability of Hillhaven's
          operations.  Although the level of cost reimbursement for
          Medicare patients generally produces the most revenue per patient
          day, profitability is reduced by the costs associated with the
          higher level of nursing care and other services required by such
          patients.  The Company believes that private pay patients
          generally constitute the most profitable and Medicaid patients
          generally constitute the least profitable category.

               The table below sets forth certain data for the periods
          shown with respect to the payor mix of owned or leased nursing
          centers that were operated by Hillhaven.  (Data with respect to
          facilities managed by the Company for partnerships and joint
          ventures in which the Company has an equity interest and for
          third parties are not included.  See "Facilities.")
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>

           Fiscal
            Year       Medicaid      Private and Other      Medicare     
           Ended   Patient    Net    Patient    Net    Patient    Net
          May 31,    Days   Revenues  Days    Revenues  Days    Revenues
          <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>

            1994      66.6%    50.2%    23.4%    26.8%    10.0%    23.0%
            1993      68.4     54.8     23.3     26.8      8.3     18.4
            1992      68.9     57.3     24.6     28.2      6.5     14.5 
          </TABLE>

            Both governmental and private third-party payors have
          employed cost containment measures designed to limit payments
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          made to health care providers such as the Company.  Those
          measures include the adoption of initial and continuing recipient
          eligibility criteria which may limit payment for services, the
          adoption of coverage criteria which limit the services that will
          be reimbursed and the establishment of payment ceilings which set
          the maximum reimbursement that a provider may receive for
          services.  Furthermore, government reimbursement programs are
          subject to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive rate
          adjustments, administrative rulings and government funding
          restrictions, all of which may materially increase or decrease
          the rate of program payments to the Company for its services. 
          There can be no assurance that payments under governmental and
          private third-party payor programs will remain at levels
          comparable to present levels or will be sufficient to cover the
          costs allocable to patients eligible for reimbursement pursuant
          to such programs.  In addition, there can be no assurance that
          facilities owned, leased or managed by the Company, or the
          provision of services and supplies by the Company, will meet the
          requirements for participation in such programs.  The Company
          could be adversely affected by the continuing efforts of
          governmental and private third-party payors to contain the amount
          of reimbursement for health care services.  In an attempt to
          limit the federal budget deficit, there have been, and the
          Company expects that there will continue to be, a number of
          proposals to limit Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement for health
          care services.

               Medicare

               The Medicare Part A program provides reimbursement for
          extended care services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries who
          are admitted to skilled nursing centers after at least a three-
          day stay in an acute care hospital.  Covered services include
          supervised nursing care, room and board, social services,
          physical and occupational therapies, pharmaceuticals, supplies
          and other necessary services provided by skilled nursing centers.

               Under the Medicare program, skilled nursing center
          reimbursement is based upon actual costs incurred as reported by
          each nursing center at the end of each annual reporting period. 
          Revenues under this program are subject to audit and retroactive
          adjustment.  Provisions for estimated third-party payor
          settlements are provided for in the period the related services
          are rendered and are adjusted as final settlements are
          determined.  To date, these settlements have not resulted in
          material adjustments to earnings.

               Medicaid

               Medicaid is a state-administered program financed by state
          funds and matching federal funds.  The program provides for
          medical assistance to the indigent and certain other eligible
          persons.  Although administered under broad federal regulations,
          states are given flexibility to construct programs and payment
          methods consistent with their individual goals.  These programs,
          therefore, differ from state to state in many respects.

               Federal law requires Medicaid programs to pay rates that are
          reasonable and adequate to meet the costs incurred by an
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          efficiently and economically operated nursing center providing
          quality care and services in conformity with all applicable laws
          and regulations.  However, despite these federal requirements,
          disagreements frequently arise between nursing centers and states
          regarding the adequacy of Medicaid payments.  In addition, the
          Medicaid programs are subject to statutory and regulatory
          changes, administrative rulings, interpretations of policy by the
          state agencies and certain government funding limitations, all of
          which may materially increase or decrease the level of program
          payments to nursing centers operated by Hillhaven.  Management
          believes that, at present, the payments under these programs are
          not sufficient on an overall basis to cover the costs of serving
          residents participating in these programs.  Furthermore, OBRA
          mandates an increased emphasis on ensuring quality patient care,
          which has resulted in additional expenditures by nursing centers.

               There can be no assurance that the payments under these
          state programs will remain at levels comparable to current levels
          or, in the future, will be sufficient to cover the costs incurred
          in serving residents participating in such programs.  Hillhaven
          provides to eligible individuals Medicaid-covered services
          consisting of nursing care, room and board and social services. 
          In addition, states may at their option cover other services such
          as physical, occupational and speech therapies and
          pharmaceuticals. 

               Private Payment and Medicare Patients

               Hillhaven seeks private payment and Medicare patients and
          has specific marketing and referral programs aimed at enhancing
          its private census.  In particular, the Company has implemented a
          strategy to increase the number of managed care patients. 
          Private payment patients typically have financial resources
          (including insurance coverage) to pay for their monthly services
          and therefore do not rely on Medicaid for support.  Private
          payment billings are sent monthly, with any collection efforts
          handled primarily through the nursing centers.  Patients either
          pay directly or funds are received from family members, insurance
          companies, health maintenance organizations or other private
          third-party payors.

               Competition

               Hillhaven's nursing centers compete on a local and regional
          basis with other long term care providers.  Hillhaven's
          competitive position varies from nursing center to nursing center
          within the various communities served.  Hillhaven believes that
          the quality care provided, reputation, location and physical
          appearance of its nursing centers and, in the case of private
          patients, the rates or charges for services are significant
          competitive factors.  There is limited, if any, price competition
          with respect to Medicare and Medicaid patients, since revenues
          received for services provided to such patients are strictly
          controlled and based on fixed rates or cost reimbursement
          principles.

               The long term care industry is divided into a variety of
          competitive areas which market similar services.  These
          competitors include nursing centers, hospitals, extended care 
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          centers, retirement housing facilities and communities, home
          health agencies and similar institutions.  The industry includes
          government-owned, church-owned, secular not-for-profit and for-
          profit institutions.

               Facilities

               The following table lists, by state, the number of nursing
          centers operated by the Company for its own account as of May 31,
          1994.  Sixteen nursing centers, accounting for 2,087 beds,
          managed at that date for partnerships and joint ventures in which
          the Company has an equity interest and for others are not
          included in the table.
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                                    Leased
                                                                     From
                                                  Licensed           Third
                                        Number      Beds    Owned   Parties
          <S>                          <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>
          Alabama (1)<F1>                  3         447       3      --
          Arizona                          7         970       5       2
          Arkansas                         1         174       1      --
          California                      39       4,140      21      18
          Colorado                         7         935       2       5
          Connecticut (1)<F1>              6         716       6      --
          Florida (1)<F1>                 10       1,291       8       2
          Georgia (1)<F1>                  3         370       3      --
          Hawaii (1)<F1>                   1          60       1      --
          Idaho                            9         903       7       2
          Indiana (1)<F1>                  9       1,323       3       6
          Kentucky (1)<F1>                15       1,914      12       3
          Maine (1)<F1>                   11         880      11      --
          Massachusetts (1)<F1>           36       4,055      33       3
          Minnesota                        1         159       1      --
          Mississippi (1)<F1>              1         120      --       1
          Montana (1)<F1>                  3         456       2       1
          Nebraska (1)<F1>                 1         157      --       1
          Nevada (1)<F1>                   3         312       3      --
          New Hampshire (1)<F1>            3         512       3      --
          North Carolina (1)<F1>          29       3,241      20       9
          Ohio (1)<F1>                    11       1,546       7       4
          Oklahoma (1)<F1>                 1         126       1      --
          Oregon (1)<F1>                   4         468       2       2
          Tennessee (1)<F1>               16       2,652       5      11
          Utah                             5         620       5      --
          Vermont (1)<F1>                  1         160       1      --
          Virginia (1)<F1>                 5         764       4       1
          Washington (1)<F1>              13       1,530      10       3
          Wisconsin (1)<F1>               14       2,710      10       4
          Wyoming (1)<F1>                  4         451       4      --

          Number of nursing centers      272                 194      78

          Total number of licensed beds           34,162  24,242   9,920
          <FN>
          (1)<F1>  These states have Certificate of Need regulations.  See
          "Business - Government Regulation."
          </TABLE>
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               In addition to its interests in nursing centers, as
          described above, as of May 31, 1994, Hillhaven had 50% interests
          in seven partnerships and joint ventures that own nursing centers
          managed by Hillhaven with an aggregate of 772 beds in five
          states.  Hillhaven also manages nine nursing centers owned by NME
          and other third parties.  These nursing centers are managed by
          Hillhaven for varying management fees.  The aggregate net
          operating revenues received in connection with the management of
          these facilities was $5.7 million in fiscal 1994 and $5.5 million
          in fiscal 1993.

          Pharmacies

               Through Medisave, the Company provides institutional and
          retail pharmacy services.  As of May 31, 1994, Medisave operated
          40 institutional pharmacies and 32 retail pharmacies in 19
          states.  In fiscal 1994, Medisave's net operating revenues were
          $176.2 million, representing 12.2% of the Company's net operating
          revenues.  Medisave's net operating revenues of $179.3 million
          accounted for 13.1% of Hillhaven's net operating revenues in
          fiscal 1993, compared to 12.0% in fiscal 1992.  

               The institutional pharmacy division focuses on providing a
          full array of pharmacy services to approximately 400 nursing
          centers and specialized care centers.  Institutional pharmacy
          sales encompass a wide variety of products including prescription
          medication, prosthetics, respiratory and infusion services and
          enteral therapies.  In addition, Medisave provides a variety of
          pharmaceutical consulting services designed to assist nursing
          centers in program administration.  The disposition of 50 nursing
          centers as part of the restructuring announced in December 1991
          has not had a material adverse effect on the results of
          operations of the institutional pharmacy division.  Institutional
          pharmacy operations accounted for approximately 76% of total
          pharmacy revenues and approximately 90% of Medisave's operating
          profits in fiscal 1994.  In fiscal 1993, the comparable figures
          were 63% and 80%, respectively.

               Medisave's retail pharmacy operations consist of discount
          retail pharmacy and optical stores in leased facilities.  In 1993
          and 1994, the Company terminated leases of 36 retail outlets in
          Wal-Mart stores.  The leases of the remaining 14 Wal-Mart outlets
          were terminated in the 1995 first quarter.  The termination of
          these leases is not expected to have a material effect on
          pharmacy operating income.  Retail operations accounted for
          approximately 24% of Medisave's total pharmacy revenues and
          approximately 10% of its operating profits in fiscal 1994.  In
          fiscal 1993, the comparable figures were 37% and 20%,
          respectively.










          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               The following table lists by state the number of pharmacies
          operated by Medisave as of May 31, 1994.
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                    State                                 Number  
                    <S>                                   <C>
                    Arizona                                   1
                    California                               12
                    Colorado                                  1
                    Florida                                   3
                    Idaho                                     1
                    Illinois                                  3
                    Kansas                                    6
                    Louisiana                                 4
                    Massachusetts                             2
                    Mississippi                               5
                    Missouri                                  1
                    Nevada                                    2
                    North Carolina                            4
                    Ohio                                      2
                    Tennessee                                 3
                    Texas                                    15
                    Utah                                      1
                    Virginia                                  3
                    Wisconsin                                 3

                         Total                               72
          </TABLE>

          Retirement Housing Communities

               Hillhaven's retirement housing operations consist of 19
          retirement housing communities.  These centers include 2,622
          apartment units and are located in 14 states.  Of the total
          number of retirement housing centers, 14 are owned by Hillhaven,
          one is leased by Hillhaven and four are owned by partnerships in
          which Hillhaven has an equity interest.  Retirement housing
          operations represented approximately 2.3%, 2.0% and 1.7% of
          Hillhaven's total net operating revenues for fiscal 1994, 1993
          and 1992, respectively.

               Retirement housing communities serve more independent and
          self-sufficient residents than do the nursing centers.  A
          retirement housing community consists of studio, one-bedroom and
          two-bedroom apartment units.  Residents typically receive weekly
          housekeeping and linen service, local transportation, 24-hour
          emergency call system and daily food service.

               Residents are responsible for monthly fees which typically
          are paid by the resident or the resident's family members. 
          Retirement housing operations do not presently qualify for
          reimbursement under Medicare, Medicaid or Veterans Administration
          health care programs because they do not offer the levels of care
          required under such programs.  Monthly fees paid by residents are
          based upon the resident's apartment size, the number of meals the
          resident elects to purchase and the level of personal care
          required by the resident.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               The following table lists, by state, the number of
          retirement housing communities operated by the Company as of
          May 31, 1994.
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                              Leased
                                                               From
                                                               Third
               State                   Number   Owned(1)<F1>  Parties
               <S>                     <C>      <C>           <C>
               Arizona                    4         4            -
               California                 1         1            -
               Colorado                   1         1            -
               Florida                    2         2            -
               Idaho                      1         1            -
               Kansas                     1         1            -
               Massachusetts              2         2            -
               Missouri                   1         1            -
               New Hampshire              1         1            -
               Ohio                       1         -            1
               Oklahoma                   1         1            -
               Oregon                     1         1            -
               Utah                       1         1            -
               Washington                 1         1            -

                    Totals               19        18            1

          <FN>
          (1)<F1>  Includes retirement housing communities owned by
          partnerships in which Hillhaven has a limited and/or general
          partnership interest that are managed by Hillhaven for such
          partnerships.
          </TABLE>

          Government Regulation

               The federal government and all states in which the Company
          operates regulate various aspects of the Company's business.  In
          particular, the development and operation of long term care
          facilities and retirement communities and the provision of health
          care services are subject to federal, state and local laws
          relating to the adequacy of medical care, distribution of
          pharmaceuticals, equipment, personnel, operating policies, fire
          prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and
          environmental laws.  Long term care facilities are subject to
          periodic inspection by governmental and other authorities to
          assure continued compliance with various standards, their
          continued licensing under state law, certification under the
          Medicare and Medicaid programs and continued participation in the
          Veterans Administration program.  Retirement communities and
          their owners are subject to periodic inspection by governmental
          authorities to assure compliance with various standards including
          standards relating to the financial condition of the owners of
          such communities.  The failure to obtain or renew any required
          regulatory approvals or licenses could adversely affect the
          Company's operations.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Effective October 1, 1990, OBRA increased the enforcement
          powers of state and federal certification agencies.  Additional
          sanctions were authorized to correct noncompliance with
          regulatory requirements, including fines, temporary suspension of
          admission of new patients to nursing centers and, in extreme
          circumstances, decertification from participation in the Medicare
          or Medicaid programs.

               Nursing centers managed and operated by Hillhaven are
          licensed either on an annual or bi-annual basis and certified
          annually for participation in Medicare and/or Medicaid by the
          respective states through various regulatory agencies which
          determine compliance with federal, state and local laws.  These
          legal requirements relate to the quality of the nursing care
          provided, the qualifications of the administrative personnel and
          nursing staff, the adequacy of the physical plant and equipment
          and continuing compliance with the laws and regulations governing
          the operation of nursing centers.  Hillhaven endeavors to comply
          with federal, state and local regulatory requirements for the
          maintenance and operation of its nursing centers.  From time to
          time Hillhaven's nursing centers receive statements of
          deficiencies from regulatory agencies.  In response, Hillhaven
          implements plans of correction with respect to these nursing
          centers to address the alleged deficiencies.  Hillhaven believes
          that its nursing centers are in material compliance with all
          applicable regulations or laws.

               In certain circumstances, federal law mandates that
          conviction of certain abusive or fraudulent behavior with respect
          to one health care facility may subject other facilities under
          common control or ownership to disqualification for participation
          in Medicare and Medicaid programs.  In addition, some state
          regulations provide that all facilities under common control or
          ownership within a state are subject to delicensure if any one or
          more of such facilities is delicensed.

               In addition to license requirements, many states in which
          Hillhaven operates have statutes that require a Certificate of
          Need to be obtained prior to the construction of a new nursing
          center, the addition of new beds or services or the incurring of
          certain capital expenditures.  Certain states also require
          regulatory approval prior to certain changes in ownership of a
          nursing center.  A total of eight states in which Hillhaven
          operates have eliminated their Certificate of Need programs and a
          number of other states are considering alternatives to their
          Certificate of Need programs.  To the extent that Certificates of
          Need or other similar approvals are required for expansion of
          Company operations, either through facility acquisitions or
          expansion or provision of new services or other changes, such
          expansion could be adversely affected by the failure or inability
          to obtain the necessary approvals, changes in the standards
          applicable to such approvals or possible delays and expenses
          associated with obtaining such approvals.






          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Pharmaceutical operations are subject to regulation by the
          various states in which the Company conducts its business as well
          as by the federal government.  The Company's pharmacies are
          regulated under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the
          Prescription Drug Marketing Act, which are administered by the
          United States Food and Drug Administration.  Under the
          Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970,
          which is administered by the United States Drug Enforcement
          Administration ("DEA"), dispensers of controlled substances must
          register with the DEA, file reports of inventories and
          transactions and provide adequate security measures.  Failure to
          comply with such requirements could result in civil or criminal
          penalties.

               The Company is also subject to federal and state laws which
          govern financial and other arrangements between health care
          providers.  These laws often prohibit certain direct and indirect
          payments or fee-splitting arrangements between health care
          providers that are designed to induce or encourage the referral
          of patients to, or the recommendation of, a particular provider
          for medical products and services.  Such laws include the anti-
          kickback provisions of the federal Medicare and Medicaid Patients
          and Program Protection Act of 1987.  These provisions prohibit,
          among other things, the offer, payment, solicitation or receipt
          of any form of remuneration in return for the referral of
          Medicare and Medicaid patients.  In addition, some states
          restrict certain business relationships between physicians and
          pharmacies, and many states prohibit business corporations from
          providing, or holding themselves out as a provider of, medical
          care.  Possible sanctions for violation of any of these
          restrictions or prohibitions include loss of licensure or
          eligibility to participate in reimbursement programs as well as
          civil and criminal penalties.  These laws vary from state to
          state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or
          regulatory agencies.

          Insurance Coverage and Availability

               The Company has liability insurance policies providing
          insurance coverage which it believes to be adequate.  There can
          be no assurance, however, that claims in excess of the Company's
          insurance coverage or claims not covered by the Company's
          coverage will not be asserted against the Company.  In addition,
          the Company's insurance policies must be renewed annually. 
          Although the Company has obtained various insurance coverages at
          a reasonable cost in the past, there can be no assurance that it
          will be able to do so in the future.  Although the Company has
          had access to other insurance options, through May 31, 1994,
          substantially all of the professional and general liability risks
          of Hillhaven were insured by a company that is wholly-owned by
          NME because it offered more competitive rates.  All matters
          arising after May 31, 1994 will be insured through the Company's
          newly formed captive insurance company, Cornerstone Insurance
          Company.





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Other Real Property

               The Company owns unimproved real property with a book value
          of approximately $11.4 million at May 31, 1994.

          Employees

               As of May 31, 1994, Hillhaven employed approximately 38,100
          individuals, of whom approximately 25,600 full-time and 9,800
          part-time employees work at Hillhaven's nursing centers,
          approximately 850 employees work at the corporate and regional
          offices, approximately 1,350 employees work in Hillhaven's
          pharmacy operations and approximately 500 employees work in the
          retirement housing communities.  Among its professional staff,
          Hillhaven employs approximately 2,900 registered nurses, 4,800
          licensed practical nurses and 2,600 licensed therapists. 
          Hillhaven has 22 collective bargaining agreements covering
          approximately 4,500 employees.  The Company believes that its
          relations with its employees are good.

          Executive Officers of the Registrant

               Set forth below are the names, ages, titles and present and
          past positions of the persons who are executive officers of
          Hillhaven.


                 Name and Age                 Position and Experience     

          Bruce L. Busby (50)           Chief Executive Officer and
                                        Chairman of the Board.  Mr. Busby
                                        has been a director and the Chief
                                        Executive Officer of the Company
                                        since April 1991 and Chairman of
                                        the Company since September 1993. 
                                        Before joining the Company,
                                        Mr. Busby served NME as Chief
                                        Executive Officer and President of
                                        the Venture Development Group from
                                        April 1988 to March 1991, Chairman
                                        and Chief Executive Officer of the
                                        Long Term Care Group from August
                                        1986 to March 1988 and President
                                        of the Retail Services Group from
                                        June 1986 to November 1987.

          Christopher J. Marker (51)    President.  Mr. Marker has been a
                                        director and the President of the
                                        Company since December 1989.  He
                                        served as President of the
                                        Company's predecessor, an NME
                                        subsidiary, from April 1988 to
                                        January 1990.  Prior to that,
                                        Mr. Marker was Executive Vice
                                        President of Westin Hotels and
                                        Resorts from January 1984 to March
                                        1988.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                 Name and Age                 Position and Experience     

          Jeffrey M. McKain (43)        Executive Vice President. 
                                        Mr. McKain has served Hillhaven as
                                        Executive Vice President since
                                        January 1992 and as Senior Vice
                                        President from April 1991 to
                                        January 1992.  He served as Senior
                                        Vice President, Operations of
                                        First Healthcare Corporation, a
                                        wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company, from April 1990 to April
                                        1991 and as Vice President of
                                        Operations of FHC from January
                                        1986 to March 1990.

          Robert F. Pacquer (49)        Senior Vice President and Chief
                                        Financial Officer.  Mr. Pacquer
                                        has served the Company as Senior
                                        Vice President and Chief Financial
                                        Officer since December 1989 and as
                                        Treasurer from that date to March
                                        1992.  He served as Senior Vice
                                        President and Chief Financial
                                        Officer of the Company's
                                        predecessor from October 1986 to
                                        January 1990.

          Richard P. Adcock (39)        Senior Vice President, Secretary
                                        and General Counsel.  Mr. Adcock
                                        has served the Company as Senior
                                        Vice President since December 1989
                                        and as Vice President, Secretary
                                        and General Counsel since May
                                        1989.  He served as Vice
                                        President, Secretary and General
                                        Counsel of the Company's
                                        predecessor from May 1987 to
                                        January 1990.  

          Kris Scoumperdis (50)         Senior Vice President.  Mr.
                                        Scoumperdis has served the Company
                                        as Senior Vice President since
                                        February 1991 and as Vice
                                        President from March 1990 to
                                        January 1991.  Before joining the
                                        Company he served as Vice
                                        President, Human Resources of the
                                        Frank Russell Company, a pension
                                        asset consulting firm, from
                                        November 1988 to March 1990, and
                                        as Vice President, Human Resources
                                        and Support Services of Good
                                        Samaritan, Inc., a health care
                                        company, from November 1984 to
                                        October 1988.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                 Name and Age                 Position and Experience     

          Carl Napoli (56)              Chief Executive Officer, President
                                        and Chief Operating Officer of
                                        Medisave.  Mr. Napoli has served
                                        as Chief Executive Officer of
                                        Medisave Pharmacies, Inc. since
                                        July 19, 1994, as President and
                                        Chief Operating Officer since May
                                        1992, and he previously served as
                                        Executive Vice President of
                                        Operations from September 1984 to
                                        May 1992.

          Edward L. Hiller (63)         Vice President/Acquisitions of
                                        Medisave.  Mr. Hiller has served
                                        as Vice President/Acquisitions of
                                        Medisave since July 19, 1994. 
                                        Mr. Hiller served as Chief
                                        Executive Officer of Medisave
                                        Pharmacies, Inc. from April 1992
                                        to July 19, 1994 and as President
                                        from July 1975 to March 1992.

          Robert K. Schneider (46)      Vice President and Treasurer. 
                                        Mr. Schneider has served as Vice
                                        President and Treasurer since
                                        April 1992 and as Vice President,
                                        Treasury from August 1990 to April
                                        1992.  Before joining Hillhaven,
                                        he served as a Vice President and
                                        Manager of Seafirst Bank from
                                        September 1985 to August 1990.

          Michael B. Weitz (44)         Vice President of Finance. 
                                        Mr. Weitz has served as Vice
                                        President of Finance and principal
                                        accounting officer since April
                                        1992 and as Vice President,
                                        Finance from June 1991 to April
                                        1992.  From November 1990 to May
                                        1991, he was a self-employed
                                        independent certified public
                                        accountant.  From June 1989 to
                                        October 1990, he served as Vice
                                        President of Finance and Treasurer
                                        of Chemical Processors, Inc., an
                                        environmental company.    











          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Item 2.  Properties

          The response to this item is included in Item 1.

          Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

          There are no material legal proceedings pending to which the
          Registrant is a party, or to which any of its property is
          subject, nor is such litigation threatened, other than ordinary
          routine litigation which is incidental to its business.

          Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

          No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during
          the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended May 31, 1994.

                                       PART II

          Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters

          At May 31, 1994, there were approximately 8,700 holders of record
          of the Company's common stock.  Approximately 33,300 additional
          stockholders held shares under beneficial ownership in nominee
          name or within clearing house positions of brokerage firms and
          banks.  The Company's common stock has been listed and traded on
          the New York Stock Exchange since November 2, 1993 and was
          previously listed and traded on the American Stock Exchange under
          the symbol "HIL."  The stock prices below are the high and low
          sales prices as reported on the composite tape as adjusted to
          reflect a one-for-five reverse stock split.
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                    Fiscal 1994         Fiscal 1993  
                                    High      Low       High      Low  
          <S>                    <C>      <C>         <C>     <C>
          First quarter           18-3/4    14-3/8    13-3/4    10-5/8
          Second quarter         20-5/16  14-11/16    16-7/8        10
          Third quarter           21-3/8    17-7/8    21-7/8  12-13/16
          Fourth quarter          22-7/8    18-1/2    17-1/2    13-1/8

          </TABLE>
               The Company has not paid a common dividend and does not
          anticipate declaring a common dividend in the near future.  















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     Item 6.  Selected Financial Data<TABLE>
     The following selected financial data have been derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements
     of The Hillhaven Corporation and its subsidiaries ("Hillhaven" or the "Company").  The data set
     forth below should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related
     notes thereto and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
     Operations" which follow. 

     (Dollars in thousands, except share information)
     <CAPTION>
                                                                                   4 Months   8 Months
                                                                                    ended      ended
                                             Years ended May 31,                   May 31,    Jan. 31,
                                  1994        1993          1992        1991        1990        1990
     <S>                       <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
     Income Statement Data:
     Net operating revenues    $1,448,734   $1,362,830    $1,304,126  $1,241,973  $ 382,755  $ 734,542 
     Expenses:
      Operating and 
       administrative           1,235,652    1,166,607     1,132,285   1,083,260    331,833    639,762 
      Interest                     52,531       57,451        52,450      40,254     12,630     43,016 
      Depreciation and 
       amortization                54,109       53,448        46,594      33,551     10,063     28,400 
      Rent                         52,440       52,537        67,144      97,526     34,543     39,361 
      Guarantee fees                6,684        9,644         8,336       7,016      2,000        --- 
      Restructuring               (20,225)       5,769        92,529         ---        ---        --- 
      Adjustment to carrying 
       value of properties 
       previously reported 
       as discontinued 
       operations                     ---          ---        20,736         ---        ---        --- 

     Net expenses               1,381,191    1,345,456     1,420,074   1,261,607    391,069    750,539 
     Interest income               13,635       16,006        12,820      17,013      6,309      8,704 
     Income (loss) from 
      operations                   81,178       33,380      (103,128)     (2,621)    (2,005)    (7,293)






     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     <TABLE><CAPTION>                                                              4 Months   8 Months
                                                                                    ended      ended
                                             Years ended May 31,                   May 31,    Jan. 31,
                                  1994        1993          1992        1991        1990        1990
     <S>                       <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
     Income tax (expense) 
      benefit on income 
      (loss) from operations      (22,653)       7,367          (407)        ---       (225)     3,132 
     Reinstatement of 
      discontinued 
      operations                      ---          ---        24,743       4,379      2,647      5,785 
     Extraordinary 
      charge - early 
      extinguishment 
      of debt, net of
      income taxes                 (1,062)        (565)          ---         ---        ---        --- 
     Cumulative effect of 
      change in accounting 
      for income taxes                ---       (1,103)          ---         ---        ---        --- 

     Net income (loss)         $   57,463   $   39,079    $  (78,792) $    1,758  $     417  $   1,624 
     Net income (loss) 
      per common share
      - primary                     $2.02        $1.59        $(3.86)       $.09       $.02        --- 
      - fully diluted               $1.71          ---           ---         ---        ---        --- 
     Balance Sheet Data:
     Working capital           $   36,147   $   77,870    $   58,951  $   77,867  $  89,956  $  44,382 
     Total assets               1,184,000    1,218,237     1,174,595     813,488    679,896    557,482 
     Long-term debt               577,951      818,248       833,779     442,233    336,836    250,184 
     Stockholders' equity         361,369      180,226       140,057     181,106    171,464    446,131 











     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     <TABLE><CAPTION>                                                              4 Months   8 Months
                                                                                    ended      ended
                                             Years ended May 31,                   May 31,    Jan. 31,
                                  1994        1993          1992        1991        1990        1990
     <S>                       <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
     Other Information
      (unaudited):
     Nursing Centers 
      (at end of period)
     Number of nursing centers        272          284           334         342        343        343 
     Number of licensed beds       34,162       35,139        41,089      42,239     42,409     42,367 
     Average occupancy rate 
      for the year                   93.4%        93.4%         91.6%       90.6%      90.4%      90.8%
     Nursing centers managed 
      for others                       16           17            17          19         19         18 
     Pharmacy Outlets                  72           83           126         113        116        122 
     Retirement Housing 
      Communities                      19           21            27          27         24         24 























     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
          Condition and Results of Operations
          (Dollars in thousands)


          The following material should be read in conjunction with the
          Selected Financial Data and the Consolidated Financial Statements
          of the Company and the related notes thereto.  All references in
          this section to years are to fiscal years of the Company ended
          May 31 of such year.


          Significant Events

             In the 1994 second quarter, Hillhaven completed a
             recapitalization plan which improved its balance sheet and
             modified its relationship with National Medical Enterprises,
             Inc. (NME).

             A one-for-five reverse split of the Company's common stock was
             effected in the 1994 second quarter. 

             Also in the second quarter, the Company completed its facility
             disposition program and recorded a $21,904 pretax
             restructuring credit. 

             In 1994, Hillhaven realized earnings of $57,463, compared to
             $39,079 in 1993 and a net loss of $78,792 in 1992.  The 1992
             loss included a $90,000 pretax restructuring charge, as
             described below.


          The Recapitalization

          On September 2, 1993, Hillhaven substantially completed a
          recapitalization plan (the "Recapitalization") which improved the
          Company's balance sheet, extended the maturities of outstanding
          indebtedness, increased operating flexibility through the
          acquisition of leased facilities, fixed the interest rate on a
          portion of its previously floating rate indebtedness and also
          modified the relationship between Hillhaven and NME.

          The Company's relationship with NME was modified by (i) the
          purchase of the remaining 23 nursing centers leased from NME for
          $111,800, (ii) the repayment of all existing debt to NME in the
          aggregate principal amount of $147,202, (iii) the release of NME
          guarantees on approximately $400,000 of debt, (iv) the limitation
          of the annual fee payable to NME to 2% of the remaining amount
          guaranteed and (v) the amendment of existing agreements to
          eliminate obligations of NME to provide additional financing to 
          the Company. The Recapitalization was financed through (i) the
          issuance to NME of $120,000 of payable-in-kind Series D Preferred
          Stock, (ii) the incurrence of a $175,000 five-year term loan
          under a secured credit facility with a syndicate of banks (the
          "Bank Term Loan"), (iii) the issuance of $175,000 of 10-1/8%
          Senior Subordinated Notes due 2001, (iv) borrowings of $30,000 



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          under an accounts receivable-backed credit facility and (v) the
          use of approximately $39,000 of cash.  Hillhaven refinanced
          third-party debt in the aggregate amount of $266,737 with
          proceeds from the Recapitalization.  At May 31, 1994, the Bank
          Term Loan had a balance of $165,000 bearing interest at 6.1%. 

          The Recapitalization included a $100,000 letter of credit
          facility to be used to provide credit enhancement for and replace
          NME guarantees on the Company's industrial revenue bonds, and an
          $85,000 revolving bank line of credit.  In February 1994, the
          letter of credit facility was reduced to $90,000.  The
          availability of the revolving line of credit allows the Company
          to maintain lower cash balances and may facilitate repayments of
          higher-rate debt or provide cash for investment or other
          corporate purposes.  At May 31, 1994, letters of credit
          outstanding under the letter of credit facility totalled $69,418
          and the revolving bank line of credit had an outstanding balance
          of $8,000.


          Conclusion of the Disposition Program

          On December 5, 1991, Hillhaven announced a restructuring plan
          designed to improve its long-term financial strength and
          operating performance by disposing of underperforming nursing
          centers, restructuring facility leases with NME and selling
          $35,000 of Series C Preferred Stock to NME in order to prepay
          indebtedness owed to NME.  The plan involved the sale or sublease
          of 82 nursing centers, which disposition was intended to allow
          the Company to concentrate on markets and services that offer
          higher profits, as well as to realize reductions in overhead
          costs.  A pretax restructuring charge of $90,000 was recorded in
          the 1992 second quarter ended November 30, 1991, which included
          provisions for estimated losses on the disposition of the 82
          nursing centers, operating losses of these centers during an
          estimated two-year disposition period and other related costs. 

          As of November 30, 1993, the Company had completed the
          disposition of 50 of these nursing centers, as well as three
          retirement housing facilities which, prior to March 1, 1992, had
          been recorded as discontinued operations.  During the 1994 second
          quarter, the Company reviewed its asset disposition program. 
          Because of improvements in reimbursement rates and results of
          operations, the Company decided not to pursue the sale of the
          remaining nursing centers and a retirement housing facility.  In
          addition, several parcels of land which had been held for
          development have been reclassified to other noncurrent assets.

          Accrued loss reserves remaining at September 1, 1993 amounted to
          $54,550. Revenues and expenses related to the 32 nursing centers
          and other properties previously held for disposition have been
          reclassified to ongoing operations in the consolidated statements
          of operations for all periods presented.  See Note 2 of Notes to
          Consolidated Financial Statements.  Net assets of these
          facilities, less adjustments to asset carrying values and
          remaining accrued restructuring costs aggregating $32,646, have
          been reclassified from net assets held for disposition to
          appropriate balance sheet accounts.

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          On December 31, 1993, the Company sold 13 nursing centers, nine
          of which had previously been held for disposition.  The sale
          resulted in a gain of $5,102, which is included in net operating
          revenues.


          Results of Operations

          Net operating revenues were $1,448,734 in 1994, $1,362,830 in
          1993 and $1,304,126 in 1992.  Net operating revenues for 1993 and
          1992 are not directly comparable because revenues and expenses of
          the 50 nursing centers disposed of in connection with the
          December 1991 restructuring have been excluded from results of
          operations for periods after November 1991.  Operating income
          before property-related expenses (which are comprised of rent,
          depreciation and amortization, interest and guarantee fees) and
          restructuring items was $213,082 in 1994 (14.7% of net operating
          revenues), an increase of approximately 8.6% from $196,223 in
          1993 (14.4% of net operating revenues), which in turn represented
          an increase of 14.2% from $171,841 in 1992 (13.2% of net
          operating revenues).  Net income (loss) was $57,463, $39,079 and
          $(78,792) in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Net income for
          1994 includes the $21,904 pretax restructuring credit.  The net
          loss in 1992 was due largely to the $90,000 pretax restructuring
          charge. 

          The following table identifies the Company's sources of net
          operating revenues.
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                Year ended May 31,    
                                           1994        1993       1992
           <S>                             <C>         <C>        <C>
           Percentage of net
             operating revenues:
           Nursing Centers:
             Long term care                 61.7%       66.3%      71.7%
             Subacute medical and 
               rehabilitation               21.2        16.5       12.4 
             Other operating revenues        2.6         2.1        2.2 
                 Total nursing centers      85.5        84.9       86.3 
           Pharmacies                       12.2        13.1       12.0 
           Retirement Housing                2.3         2.0        1.7 

           Total                           100.0%      100.0%     100.0%


           Net patient revenues
             per patient day:
            Long term care                $84.59      $82.05     $76.13 
            Subacute medical and 
              rehabilitation             $240.87     $215.77    $189.50 
            Combined                     $101.38      $93.59     $83.51 

           Average number of 
             beds available               34,760      35,356     35,865 
           Average occupancy                93.4%       93.4%      91.6%

           </TABLE>
           <PAGE>
<PAGE>



           Nursing center net operating revenues, comprised primarily of
           patient revenues, increased 7.1% in 1994 to $1,239,317 and 2.7%
           in 1993 to $1,156,766 from $1,126,094 in 1992.  These increases
           were due to the increases in revenues per patient day, offset in
           part by the disposition of nursing centers. 

           Patient revenues are affected by changes in Medicare and
           Medicaid reimbursement rates, private pay and other rates
           charged by Hillhaven, occupancy levels, the nature of services
           provided and the payor mix.  Data for nursing center operations
           with respect to sources of net patient revenues and patient mix
           by payor type are set forth below.  Included in private and
           other revenues are per diem amounts received from managed care
           contracts.
           <TABLE>
           <CAPTION>
                               Net Patient Revenues    Patient Census   
                               1994   1993    1992   1994    1993   1992
           <S>                 <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
           Medicaid            50.2%  54.8%   57.3%  66.6%   68.4%  68.9%
           Private and other   26.8   26.8    28.2   23.4    23.3   24.6
           Medicare            23.0   18.4    14.5   10.0     8.3    6.5
           </TABLE>

           In 1994 and 1993, Hillhaven received rate increases from
           Medicare and Medicaid and increased its private pay rates. 

           The Company is continuing its strategy of improving its quality
           mix of private pay and Medicare patients by expanding its
           subacute medical and rehabilitation programs and services. 
           These higher revenue services include physical, occupational,
           speech and respiratory therapy and subacute care services, such
           as stroke therapy and wound care.  The Company has increased the
           number of managed care contracts it maintains with insurance
           companies and other payors to provide subacute medical and
           rehabilitation care to their insureds, offering a less expensive
           alternative to acute care hospitals.  The average daily number
           of managed care patients in Hillhaven's nursing centers,
           including long term care patients, was approximately 435 in 1994
           compared to 211 in 1993 and 29 in 1992.

           Net operating revenues from pharmacy operations decreased to
           $176,178 in 1994 from $179,299 in 1993 and increased from
           $156,107 in 1992.  Pharmacy operations produced operating income
           before property-related expenses of $25,366 in 1994 
           (14.4% of net operating revenues), an increase of approximately
           8.3% from $23,419 (13.1% of net operating revenues) in 1993,
           which in turn represented an increase of approximately 5.0% from
           $22,307 (14.3% of net operating revenues) in 1992.  The decrease
           in revenues in 1994 is the result of the disposition of 61
           marginally performing retail outlets in 1994 and late 1993.
           Institutional revenues, accounting for approximately 76% of
           pharmacy net operating revenues in 1994, versus 63% in 1993 and
           55% in 1992, increased by 17.9% and 31.9% to $133,988 and
           $113,676 in 1994 and 1993, respectively, from $86,189 in 1992. 
           The growing contribution from institutional operations reflects
           the Company's increasing focus on the nursing center market, the
           disposition of retail outlets and continuing pricing pressure in
           the retail operations.  The increase in institutional revenues 
           <PAGE>
<PAGE>



           is due to an increase in the number of nursing center beds 
           serviced and higher sales volumes per bed.  The increase in per
           bed sales reflects the Company's strategy of aggressively
           marketing higher margin ancillary products and services, such as
           respiratory and intravenous therapies and enteral and urological
           supplies.  

           In 1993 and 1994, the Company terminated leases of 36 retail
           outlets in Wal-Mart stores.  The leases of the remaining 14 Wal-
           Mart outlets were terminated in the 1995 first quarter.  The
           termination of these leases is not expected to have a material
           effect on pharmacy operating income.

           Net operating revenues from retirement housing operations
           increased to $33,239 in 1994 from $26,765 in 1993 and $21,926 in
           1992. These increases were primarily due to improvements in
           occupancy, which averaged 96.1% in 1994 compared to 92.0% in
           1993 and 85.5% in 1992. 

           Operating and administrative expenses of the Company's nursing
           centers increased by 7.1% in 1994 to $1,062,442 and by 1.3% in
           1993 to $992,149 from $979,633 in 1992.  These increases were
           attributable primarily to the expansion of subacute and medical
           rehabilitation services, offset in part by the disposition of
           nursing centers.  Labor and related benefits, which represented
           approximately 77% of nursing center operating and administrative
           expenses in 1994, increased by 7.2% in 1994 to $820,065 and by
           1.8% in 1993 to $765,276.  These increases were the result of
           general wage rate increases, as well as an increase in the
           number of therapists and nurses in the Company's nursing centers
           to accommodate the increase in the number of medically complex
           patients.  Increases in labor and benefit costs in 1994 and 1993
           were mitigated by the reduced use of higher-cost contract nurses
           and favorable results of workers' compensation loss experience
           as actuarially computed. 

           The increases in the non-labor components of operating and
           administrative expenses, including ancillary supplies, reflect
           the higher costs associated with caring for higher acuity
           patients.

           Combined interest and guarantee fee expense decreased by 11.7%
           to $59,215 in 1994 due to the refinancing of certain of the
           Company's indebtedness.  See "The Recapitalization." Property-
           related costs in 1993 were impacted by the purchase of
           previously leased nursing centers, related increases in debt
           (discussed below) and the restructuring of the NME leases.  As a
           result of the restructuring of the terms of the NME leases,
           these leases were recorded as capital leases beginning in
           December 1991.  This increased both property and long-term debt
           by the aggregate fixed option price of $299,500.  Primarily as a
           result of these transactions, total interest, depreciation and
           amortization and guarantee fees increased in 1993 by $13,163 and
           rent expense decreased in 1993 by $14,607.

           Interest income is earned from notes receivable and invested
           cash.  Interest income decreased by 14.8% in 1994 to $13,635 due
           to lower balances of invested cash and notes receivable.  

           <PAGE>
<PAGE>



           Interest income increased by 24.9% to $16,006 in 1993 as a
           result of an increase of $36,338 in notes receivable arising
           from the sale of nursing centers. 

           As a result of the refinancing of certain of the Company's
           industrial revenue bond issues, extraordinary charges of $1,062
           and $565 (net of income taxes) were reported in 1994 and 1993,
           respectively, due to the write-off of previously capitalized
           financing costs.

           Effective June 1, 1992, Hillhaven adopted Statement of Financial
           Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes"
           (SFAS 109).  Adoption of SFAS 109 resulted in a charge of $1,103
           to the 1993 statement of operations.  Including the impact of
           this charge, the effect of the adoption of SFAS 109 in 1993 was
           a reduction of net income tax expense and an increase in net
           income of $7,710 as compared to amounts that would have been 
           reported under APB Opinion No. 11.  See Note 7 of Notes to
           Consolidated Financial Statements.  The Company has recorded net
           deferred tax assets of $18,023 at May 31, 1994, the realization
           of which is dependent upon future pretax earnings.

           Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 114, "Accounting
           by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan" (SFAS 114), establishes
           standards to determine in what circumstances a creditor should
           measure impairment based on either the present value of expected
           future cash flows related to the loan, the market price of the
           loan or the fair value of the underlying collateral.  SFAS 114
           relates to the Company's portfolio of notes receivable.  The
           Company anticipates that the adoption of SFAS 114 on the
           required application date of June 1, 1995 will not have a
           material adverse impact on Hillhaven's financial position or
           results of operations.


           Cash Flows and Financial Condition

           Hillhaven believes that it will generate sufficient cash to fund
           operations and meet its debt and lease obligations for the
           current fiscal year.  Cash provided by operations in 1994
           totalled $73,526 compared to $65,459 in 1993 and $54,545 in
           1992. These increases are due primarily to higher pretax
           earnings. Working capital at May 31, 1994 amounted to $36,147
           compared to $77,870 and $58,951 at May 31, 1993 and 1992,
           respectively.  The decrease in working capital in 1994 is due
           primarily to a decrease in cash and an increase in the current
           portion of long-term debt resulting from the Recapitalization. 
           At May 31, 1994, Hillhaven had available $117,000 under short-
           and long-term revolving lines of credit which allows the Company
           to maintain lower levels of cash.

           Net cash used in investing activities amounted to $7,777 in 1994
           compared to $901 in 1993 and $54,660 in 1992.  In connection
           with the Recapitalization, the Company expended $14,816 for
           financing costs.  On December 31, 1993, Hillhaven completed the
           sale of 13 nursing centers and received cash for the $15,594
           aggregate sales price.


           <PAGE>
<PAGE>



           In 1993, Hillhaven purchased 62 nursing centers previously
           leased from NME for an aggregate purchase price of $179,890. 
           The purchase was financed with the proceeds from the sale of
           $74,750 of 7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2002
           (the "Debentures"), the assumption of underlying debt amounting
           to $4,825 and NME financing in the amount of $92,256, with the 
           balance settled in cash.  The Company also acquired seven
           previously leased nursing centers from third parties in 1993 for
           an aggregate purchase price of $26,791.  These transactions were
           partially financed by the assumption of underlying debt and
           borrowings aggregating $15,095, with the balance settled in
           cash.  During this same period, the Company disposed of 47
           nursing centers and a retirement housing facility for an
           aggregate sales price of $59,355.  Hillhaven provided financing
           for $36,338 of the total sales price and received cash for the
           balance.  In 1992, the Company acquired 24 previously leased
           nursing centers, of which 20 were purchased from NME, for an
           aggregate purchase price of $108,951.  These transactions were
           partially financed by the assumption of underlying debt and
           additional borrowings aggregating $76,212. 

           In 1994, capital expenditures for routine replacements and
           refurbishment of facilities and capital additions amounted to
           $43,568 compared to $30,526 in 1993 and $30,597 in 1992.  The
           increase in 1994 is due primarily to the expansion of certain
           nursing centers to accommodate the growth in subacute and
           medical rehabilitation programs.  Capital expenditures of
           approximately $50,000 are budgeted for 1995, the majority of
           which are anticipated to be funded from cash flow from
           operations. 

           Net cash used in financing activities totalled $89,364 in 1994,
           $37,331 in 1993 and $16,310 in 1992.  See "The
           Recapitalization."  In 1993, the Company sold the Debentures,
           the proceeds of which were used to purchase certain facilities
           leased from NME which had escalating rent provisions.  In 1992,
           Hillhaven sold its 8-1/4% Series C Preferred Stock in the amount
           of $35,000 to NME to repay debt to NME bearing interest at 10%. 
           The Company repaid an additional $61,800 owed to NME with the
           proceeds from its 1991 Performance Investment Plan.

           In April 1994, the Company replaced the financing for its
           accounts receivable-backed liquidity facility with a revolving
           bank line of credit and increased the facility from $30,000 to
           $40,000.  At May 31, 1994, there were no borrowings outstanding
           under this credit facility.

           On February 28, 1994, NME exercised its warrants to purchase
           6,000,000 shares of Hillhaven common stock.  NME tendered shares
           of the Company's payable-in-kind Series D Preferred Stock in
           payment of the $63,300 purchase price.  At May 31, 1994, NME
           owned approximately 32.7% of the Company's outstanding common
           stock.






           <PAGE>
<PAGE>



           Legislative Action

           On August 10, 1993, the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
           1993 ("OBRA-93") was enacted.  OBRA-93 contains certain
           provisions which impact Hillhaven's Medicare reimbursement. For
           cost report periods beginning after October 1, 1993, a return on
           equity has been eliminated as a reimbursable item.  For federal
           fiscal years 1994 and 1995, there will be no increases in the
           limits on reimbursable costs.  The Company has and will continue
           to file for exceptions based on its costs to care for higher
           acuity patients.  Hillhaven expects to offset much of these
           revenue reductions by containing operating cost increases and
           increasing the number of patients under managed care contracts. 
           In addition, other provisions in OBRA-93 will benefit Hillhaven,
           such as the extension of the targeted jobs tax credit. 
           Management believes that the provisions of OBRA-93, in the
           aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on the future
           operations of the Company.

           On October 27, 1993, President Clinton submitted the American
           Health Security Act of 1993 (the "Health Security Act") to
           Congress for consideration.  The Health Security Act, which is
           designed to guarantee health coverage to all United States
           citizens and legal residents and to create regional alliances to
           negotiate contracts with qualified health plans, is currently
           being studied by the relevant Congressional committees.  At the
           same time, numerous other health care reform proposals have been
           introduced by members of the House of Representatives and the
           Senate.  These proposals range from the formation of a single
           payor system to the creation of health plan purchasing
           cooperatives to pool the purchasing power of individuals and
           employees of small businesses, or the formation of purchasing
           groups to negotiate contracts with health plans and offer them
           to individuals.  These proposals also differ on the treatment of
           long term care services.  Health care reform legislation may or
           may not be enacted; whether or not any such effect will be
           beneficial or adverse to the Company cannot be determined at
           this time.  





















           <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                Financial Statements are contained on pages F-1 through
          F-29 of this report and are incorporated hereby by reference.  

          Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure

                None.

                                       PART III

          Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

                Information concerning the directors of the Registrant is
          included on pages 2, 3 and 19 of the definitive Proxy Statement
          for the Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  The
          required information is hereby incorporated by reference. 
          Similar information regarding executive officers of the
          Registrant is set forth in Item 1.  

          Item 11.   Executive Compensation

                The response to this item is included on pages 8 through 15
          and 19 through 23 of the definitive Proxy Statement for the
          Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  The required
          information is hereby incorporated by reference.

          Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management

                The response to this item is included on pages 4, 5 and 25
          of the definitive Proxy Statement for the Registrant's 1994
          Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  The required information is
          hereby incorporated by reference.

          Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

                The response to this item is included on pages 15 through
          19 of the definitive Proxy Statement for the Registrant's 1993
          Annual Meeting of Stockholders.  The required information is
          hereby incorporated by reference.

















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                       PART IV

          Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on
          Form 8-K

           (a) Documents filed as part of this report:

               1. Financial Statements.                            Page

               Independent Auditors' Report                        F-1

               Consolidated Balance Sheets --                      F-2
                  As of May 31, 1994 and 1993

               Consolidated Statements of Operations --            F-4
                  Years Ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows --            F-6
                  Years Ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992

               Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
                  Stockholders' Equity --
                  Years Ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992          F-8

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          F-10

               Quarterly Financial Summary                         F-28

               2. Financial Statement Schedules.

               Schedule V     Property and Equipment               S-1

               Schedule VI    Accumulated Depreciation and         S-5
                               Amortization of Property
                               and Equipment

               Schedule VIII  Valuation and Qualifying             S-6
                               Accounts

               Schedule X     Supplementary Income                 S-8
                               Statement Information

               All other schedules are omitted because they are not
           applicable or not required or because the required information
           is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes
           thereto.













          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                  3.  Exhibits

          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

            (3)     Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws

                    3.01   Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
                           of Hillhaven (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit J to Exhibit 2 to the document referred
                           to in Note 1 below)

                    3.02   Amended and Restated By-Laws of Hillhaven 

            (4)     Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders

                    4.01   Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
                           of Hillhaven (See Exhibit 3.01)

                    4.02   Amended and Restated By-Laws of Hillhaven (See
                           Exhibit 3.02)

                    4.03   Form of Common Stock Certificate of Hillhaven
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    4.04   Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement among
                           Hillhaven, NME and Manufacturers Hanover Trust
                           Company of California, dated as of January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4
                           to the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    4.05   Rights Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company of
                           California, dated as of January 31, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to
                           the document referred to Note 1 below)

                    4.06   Form of Rights Certificate (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.6 to the
                           document referred to in Note 1 below) 

                    4.07   Agreement concerning purchase by NME Properties
                           Corp., of Series C Preferred Stock of Hillhaven
                           and prepayment by First Healthcare Corporation
                           of indebtedness to NME Properties Corp. dated
                           at or prior to 11:59 p.m. on November 30, 1991
                           between NME, NME Properties Corp., Hillhaven
                           and First Healthcare Corporation (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the document
                           referred to in Note 2 below)

                    4.08   Certificate of Designation, Preferences and
                           Rights of Series C Preferred Stock of Hillhaven
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to
                           the document referred to in Note 2 below)



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    4.09   Certificate of First Amendment to Certificate
                           of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
                           Series C Preferred Stock of The Hillhaven
                           Corporation (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 4(b) to the document referred to in
                           Note 9 below)

                    4.10   Form of Indenture between Hillhaven and Bankers
                           Trust Company, as Trustee with respect to the
                           7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due
                           2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14
                           to the document referred to in Note 4 below)

                    4.11   Form of 7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated
                           Debenture Due 2002 (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 4.15 to the document referred to in
                           Note 4 below)

                    4.12   Form of Indenture between Hillhaven and State
                           Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee with
                           respect to the 10-1/8% Senior Subordinated
                           Notes due 2001 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 4.01 to the document referred to in
                           Note 5 below)

                    4.13   Form of 10-1/8% Senior Subordinated Note due
                           2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02
                           to the document referred to in Note 5 below)

                    4.14   Agreement Concerning Purchase by NME Properties
                           Corp. and Certain Subsidiaries of Series D
                           Preferred Stock of The Hillhaven Corporation,
                           dated as of September 1, 1993 among Hillhaven,
                           First Healthcare Corporation, NME, NME
                           Properties Corp. and certain subsidiaries of
                           NME Properties Corp.

                    4.15   Certificate of Designation, Preferences and
                           Rights of Series D Preferred Stock of The
                           Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the document
                           referred to in Note 9 below)

                    4.16   Certificate Concerning Reverse Stock Split of
                           The Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 4(c) to the document
                           referred to in Note 9 below)

                    4.17   Credit Agreement dated as of September 2, 1993,
                           between First Healthcare Corporation, as
                           lender, and Hillhaven PIP Funding I, Inc., as
                           borrower (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           4.07 to the document referred to in Note 8
                           below)


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    4.18   The Hillhaven Corporation 1991 Performance
                           Investment Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.24 to the document referred to in
                           Note 1 below)

                    4.19   Certificate of Designation, Preferences and
                           Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.03 to
                           the document referred to in Note 8 below)

                    4.20   Form of Indenture between Hillhaven and
                           Chemical Bank, as Trustee with respect to the
                           Convertible Debentures due May 29, 1999
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to
                           the document referred to in Note 8 below)

                    4.21   Form of Convertible Debenture due May 29, 1999
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02 to
                           the document referred to in Note 8 below)

           (10)     Material Contracts

                    10.01  Services Agreement between Hillhaven and NME,
                           dated as of January 31, 1990 (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    10.02  Tax Sharing Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           NME, dated as of January 31, 1990 (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    10.03  Government Programs Agreement between Hillhaven
                           and NME, dated January 31, 1990 (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    10.04  Insurance Agreement between Hillhaven and NME,
                           dated as of January 31, 1990 (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.05 Employee and Employee Benefits Agreement
                           between Hillhaven and NME, dated as of
                           January 31, 1990 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.6 to the document referred to in
                           Note 1 below)

                    *10.06 Resignation Agreement and General Release
                           between Hillhaven and Richard K. Eamer, dated
                           as of September 15, 1993

                    *10.07 Employment Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           Leonard Cohen, dated as of January 31, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    *10.08 Amendment No. One to Employment Agreement
                           between Hillhaven and Leonard Cohen, dated as
                           of May 31, 1994

                    *10.09 Severance Agreement among Hillhaven, NME and
                           Christopher J. Marker, dated as of January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           10.23 to the document referred to in Note 1
                           below)

                    *10.10 Severance Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           Christopher J. Marker, dated as of May 24, 1994

                    *10.11 Form of Severance Agreement between Hillhaven
                           and certain of its officers

                     10.12 Form of Indemnification Agreement between
                           Hillhaven and certain of its executive officers
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.13 Hillhaven Directors' Stock Option Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.14 The Hillhaven Corporation Board of Directors
                           Retirement Plan

                    *10.15 Hillhaven Deferred Savings Plan (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.16 Hillhaven 1990 Stock Incentive Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.17 Hillhaven Annual Incentive Plan (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.18 Hillhaven Long Term Incentive Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.19 Hillhaven Deferred Compensation Master Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.20 Hillhaven Senior Management Deferred
                           Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.16 to the document referred to in
                           Note 1 below)




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    *10.21 First Restatement of the Hillhaven Supplemental
                           Executive Retirement Plan 

                    *10.22 Hillhaven Individual Retirement Annuity Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.23 Form of Assignment and Assumption of Lease
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and certain
                           subsidiaries, on the one hand, and NME and
                           certain subsidiaries on the other hand,
                           together with the related Guaranty by
                           Hillhaven, dated on or prior to January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
                           to the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.24 Form of Management Agreement between First
                           Healthcare Corporation and certain NME
                           subsidiaries, dated on or prior to January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           10.10 to the document referred to in Note 1
                           below)

                     10.25 Reorganization and Distribution Agreement
                           between Hillhaven and NME, dated as of
                           January 8, 1990, as amended on January 30, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.01 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.26 Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement between
                           Hillhaven and NME, dated as of January 31, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.27 First Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of October 30, 1990

                     10.28 First Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of May 30, 1991 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.45 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)

                     10.29 Second Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of October 2, 1991 (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.46 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.30 Third Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of April 1, 1992 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.47 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)

                     10.31 Fourth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of November 12, 1992 (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.13 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)

                     10.32 Fifth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of February 19, 1993  (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.33 Sixth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of May 28, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.15 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)

                     10.34 Seventh Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of May 28, 1993

                     10.35 Eighth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of September 2, 1993

                     10.36 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement among
                           Hillhaven, New Pond Village Associates and
                           BayBank of Boston, N.A., dated as of August 25,
                           1989 and effective November 1, 1991
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to
                           the document referred to in Note 3 below)

                     10.37 Facility Purchase and Sale Agreements, each
                           dated as of February 12, 1992, between First
                           Healthcare Corporation and Zevco Enterprises,
                           Inc. for the four nursing centers in Houston,
                           Texas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           10.41 to the document referred to in Note 3
                           below)

                     10.38 Facility Agreement among First Healthcare
                           Corporation and Certain Limited Partnerships,
                           dated as of April 23, 1992 relating to the sale
                           of 32 nursing centers (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the document
                           referred to in Note 3 below)



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.39 First Amendment to Facility Agreement among
                           First Healthcare Corporation and Certain
                           Limited Partnerships, dated as of July 31, 1992
                           relating to the sale of 32 nursing centers
                           (Incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.43 to
                           the document referred to in Note 3 below)

                     10.40 Letter Agreement dated July 14, 1992,
                           concerning acquisition by Hillhaven from NME of
                           26 nursing centers and two adjacent retirement
                           housing communities (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.49 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)

                     10.41 Letter Agreement dated August 4, 1992, between
                           Hillhaven and NME, amending the July 14, 1992
                           letter agreement concerning acquisition by
                           Hillhaven from NME of 26 nursing centers and
                           two adjacent retirement communities
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to
                           the document referred to in Note 3 below) 

                     10.42 Letter Agreement dated October 14, 1992,
                           between Hillhaven and NME, amending the
                           July 14, 1992 letter concerning acquisition by
                           Hillhaven from NME of 34 nursing centers and
                           two adjacent retirement housing communities
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to
                           the document referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.43 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow
                           Instructions between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and certain NME subsidiaries, dated
                           as of November 4, 1992 relating to the
                           acquisition of 24 nursing centers (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.44 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow
                           Instructions between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and certain NME subsidiaries, dated
                           as of February 1, 1993, relating to the
                           acquisition of 17 nursing centers (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.45 Facility Purchase and Sale Agreement, each
                           dated April 1, 1993, between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and Zevco Enterprises, Inc., an
                           Illinois corporation, relating to the sale of
                           13 nursing centers (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.61 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.46 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow
                           Instructions between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and certain NME subsidiaries, dated
                           as of May 20, 1993 relating to the acquisition
                           of 11 nursing centers (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.47 Letter of Intent dated June 22, 1993 between
                           Hillhaven and NME (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.63 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)

                     10.48 Credit Agreement dated as of September 1, 1993
                           among First Healthcare Corporation, The
                           Hillhaven Corporation, the Banks referred to
                           therein, the LC Issuing Banks referred to
                           therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
                           York, Chemical Bank and J. P. Morgan Delaware
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the
                           document referred to in Note 7 below)

                     10.49 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as
                           of October 12, 1993, among First Healthcare
                           Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
                           Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks
                           referred to therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust
                           Company of New York, Chemical Bank and J. P.
                           Morgan Delaware

                     10.50 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as
                           of December 30, 1993, among First Healthcare
                           Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
                           Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks
                           referred to therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust
                           Company of New York, Chemical Bank and J. P.
                           Morgan Delaware

                     10.51 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as
                           of May 27, 1994, among First Healthcare
                           Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
                           Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks
                           referred to therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust
                           Company of New York, Chemical Bank and J. P.
                           Morgan Delaware

                     10.52 Agreement and Waiver, dated as of September 2,
                           1993, by and among Hillhaven, First Healthcare
                           Corporation, NME and certain NME subsidiaries







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.53 Novation Agreement among Hillhaven Funding
                           Corporation, Banque Indosuez, New York Branch,
                           Banque Nationale de Paris, San Francisco
                           Agency, Bank of America National Trust and
                           Savings Association and Seattle-First National
                           Bank, dated as of April 29, 1994

                     10.54 Amended and Restated Master Sale and Servicing
                           Agreement among Hillhaven Funding Corporation,
                           Hillhaven and certain Hillhaven subsidiaries,
                           dated as of April 29, 1994

                     10.55 Amended and Restated Liquidity Agreement
                           between Hillhaven Funding Corporation, Bank of
                           America National Trust and Savings Association
                           and Seattle-First National Bank dated as of
                           April 29, 1994

           (11)      Computation of Per Share Earnings

                     11.01 Statement re: Computation of Per Share Earnings

           (21)      Subsidiaries

                     21.01 Subsidiaries of the Registrant

           (23)      Consent of Experts and Counsel

                     23.01 Consent of Independent Accountants, KPMG Peat
                           Marwick LLP


























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



             Note
           Reference                      Document

               1.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                    November 30, 1989, as amended.
               2.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                    November 30, 1991, as amended.
               3.   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,
                    1992, as amended.
               4.   Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-48755).
               5.   Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-65718).
               6.   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,
                    1993.
               7.   Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 2, 1993.
               8.   Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-50833).
               9.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                    November 30, 1993.

               ___________________

               *  Management contracts and compensatory plans or
                  arrangements required to be filed as an Exhibit to comply
                  with Item 14(a)(3).

               (b)  Reports filed on Form 8-K:

                    None
































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
          Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused
          this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
          thereunto duly authorized.

                                        THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                                        By:         /s/ Bruce L. Busby      
                                                      Bruce L. Busby
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

                                        Date:         August 17, 1994       

               Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
          of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
          persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
          the dates indicated.

                 Signature                 Title                 Date

             /s/ Bruce L. Busby     Chief Executive         August 17, 1994
              Bruce L. Busby         Officer, Chairman
                                     of the Board and 
                                     Director

            /s/ Robert F. Pacquer   Senior Vice President   August 17, 1994
             Robert F. Pacquer       and Chief Financial 
                                     Officer (principal 
                                     financial officer)  
            /s/ Michael B. Weitz   
             Michael B. Weitz       Vice President and      August 17, 1994
                                     Principal Accounting 
                                     Officer

          /s/ Christopher J. Marker President and           August 17, 1994
           Christopher J. Marker     Director

             /s/ Maris Andersons    Director                August 17, 1994
              Maris Andersons

             /s/ Walter F. Beran    Director                August 17, 1994
              Walter F. Beran                         

              /s/ Leonard Cohen     Director                August 17, 1994
               Leonard Cohen

             /s/ Peter de Wetter    Director                August 17, 1994
             Peter de Wetter                     

             /s/ Dinah Nemeroff     Director                August 17, 1994
              Dinah Nemeroff

              /s/ Jack O. Vance     Director                August 17, 1994
               Jack O. Vance                          





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Independent Auditors' Report

          The Board of Directors and Stockholders 
          The Hillhaven Corporation:

          We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
          The Hillhaven Corporation and subsidiaries (Hillhaven) as of May
          31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements of
          operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders' equity for
          each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 1994. 
          In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial
          statements, we also have audited the financial statement
          schedules as listed in the index on page 34 of this annual
          report.  These consolidated financial statements and financial
          statement schedules are the responsibility of the management of
          Hillhaven. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
          consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

          We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
          auditing standards. Those standards require that we plan and
          perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
          the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
          audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
          the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
          also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
          significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
          the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
          audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

          In our opinion, the aforementioned consolidated financial
          statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
          financial position of The Hillhaven Corporation and subsidiaries
          as of May 31, 1994 and 1993 and the results of their operations
          and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
          period ended May 31, 1994 in conformity with generally accepted
          accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, the related
          financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the
          basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present
          fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
          therein.

          As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements,
          effective June 1, 1992 the Company changed its method of
          providing for income taxes by adopting Statement of Financial
          Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."



                                    KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP


          Seattle, Washington
          July 8, 1994






          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Balance Sheets
     (In thousands)
     <CAPTION>
                                                             May 31,    
                                                        1994         1993
     <S>                                            <C>         <C>
     Assets
     Current assets:
       Cash and cash equivalents                    $   49,544  $    73,159 
       Accounts and notes receivable, less 
        allowance for doubtful accounts 
        of $10,005 and $8,700 in 1994 
        and 1993                                       147,956      131,383 
       Inventories                                      20,202       21,527 
       Prepaid expenses and other current 
        assets                                          34,527       29,078 

            Total current assets                       252,229      255,147 

     Long-term notes receivable, less 
       allowance for doubtful accounts 
       of $14,608 and $11,386 in 
       1994 and 1993                                    84,944      112,506 
     Property and equipment, net                       783,259      766,998 
     Net assets held for disposition                       ---       29,122 
     Intangible assets, net of accumulated 
       amortization of $19,336 and 
       $16,128 in 1994 and 1993                         31,331       20,305 
     Other noncurrent assets, net                       32,237       34,159 

                                                    $1,184,000  $ 1,218,237 
      




















     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

     </TABLE>



     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Balance Sheets
     (In thousands, except share information)
     <CAPTION>
                                                             May 31,    
                                                        1994         1993
     <S>                                            <C>         <C>
     Liabilities and  Stockholders' Equity
     Current liabilities:
       Current portion of long-term debt            $   43,427  $    18,835 
       Accounts payable                                 63,929       61,423 
       Employee compensation and benefits               52,444       54,370 
       Other accrued liabilities                        56,282       42,649 

            Total current liabilities                  216,082      177,277 

     Debt payable to NME, a related company                ---      147,160 

     Other long-term debt                              577,951      671,088 

     Other long-term liabilities                        28,598       42,486 

     Commitments and contingencies

     Stockholders' equity:
       Series C Preferred Stock, $0.15 par
        value; 35,000 shares authorized,
        issued and outstanding in 1994
        and 1993(liquidation preference
        of $35,000)                                          5            5 
       Series D Preferred Stock, $0.15 par
        value; 300,000 shares authorized;
        60,546 issued and outstanding
        (liquidation preference 
        of $60,546)                                          9          --- 
       Common stock, $0.75 par value; 
        authorized 60,000,000 shares;
        27,172,694 and 20,978,862 
        issued and outstanding in 
        1994 and 1993                                   20,380       15,734 
       Additional paid-in capital                      330,472      208,157 
       Retained earnings (accumulated 
        deficit)                                        13,714      (37,538)
       Unearned compensation                            (3,211)      (6,132)

            Total stockholders' equity                 361,369      180,226 

                                                    $1,184,000  $ 1,218,237 





     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

     </TABLE>



     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Statements Of Operations
     (In thousands)
     <CAPTION>
                                                  Years ended May 31,    
                                             1994        1993        1992
     <S>                                 <C>         <C>           <C>
     Net operating revenues              $1,448,734  $ 1,362,830   $1,304,126 

     Expenses:
       Operating and administrative       1,235,652    1,166,607    1,132,285 
       Interest                              52,531       57,451       52,450 
       Depreciation and amortization         54,109       53,448       46,594 
       Rent                                  52,440       52,537       67,144 
       Guarantee fees                         6,684        9,644        8,336 
       Restructuring                        (20,225)       5,769       92,529 
       Adjustment to carrying value 
         of properties previously 
         reported as discontinued
         operations                             ---          ---       20,736 

         Net expenses                     1,381,191    1,345,456    1,420,074 

     Income (loss) from operations           67,543       17,374     (115,948)
     Interest income                         13,635       16,006       12,820 

     Income (loss) before income taxes, 
       reinstatement of discontinued 
       operations, extraordinary 
       charge and cumulative effect 
       of accounting change                  81,178       33,380     (103,128)
     Income tax (expense) benefit           (22,653)       7,367         (407)

     Income (loss) before reinstatement
       of discontinued operations, 
       extraordinary charge and 
       cumulative effect of 
       accounting change                     58,525       40,747     (103,535)
     Reinstatement of discontinued 
       operations                               ---          ---       24,743 

     Income (loss) before extraordinary 
       charge and cumulative effect of
       accounting change                     58,525      40,747       (78,792)
     Extraordinary charge - early 
       extinguishment of debt, net
       of income taxes                       (1,062)       (565)          --- 
     Cumulative effect of change in 
       accounting for income taxes              ---      (1,103)          --- 

     Net income (loss)                   $   57,463  $   39,079    $  (78,792)




     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     </TABLE>

     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Statements Of Operations
     <CAPTION>
                                                  Years ended May 31,    
                                             1994        1993        1992
     <S>                                 <C>         <C>           <C>
     Primary income (loss) per 
       common share:
       Income (loss) from operations          $2.06       $1.66        $(3.86)
       Extraordinary charge                    (.04)       (.02)          --- 
       Cumulative effect of change 
         in accounting for income
         taxes                                  ---        (.05)          --- 

     Net income (loss) per share              $2.02       $1.59        $(3.86)

     Fully diluted income per 
       common share:
       Income (loss) from operations          $1.74         ---           --- 
       Extraordinary charge                    (.03)        ---           --- 
     Net income per share                     $1.71         N/A           N/A 

     Weighted average common shares and 
       equivalents outstanding:
       Primary                           24,689,959  23,132,103    20,811,243 
       Fully diluted                     33,064,288         N/A           N/A 




























     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


     </TABLE>

     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows
     (In thousands)
     <CAPTION>
                                                     Years ended May 31,     
                                               1994          1993        1992
     <S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>
     Cash flows from operating 
        activities:
        Net income (loss)                   $  57,463    $  39,079    $ (78,792)
        Adjustments to reconcile net 
           income (loss) to net cash
           provided by operations:
           Restructuring charges (credits)    (21,904)         ---       90,000 
           Adjustment to carrying value 
              of properties previously 
              reported as discontinued
               operations                         ---          ---       20,736 
           Reinstatement of discontinued
              operations                          ---          ---      (21,127)
           Cumulative effect of change in 
              accounting for income taxes         ---        1,103          --- 
           Depreciation and amortization       54,109       53,448       46,594 
           Provision for losses on 
              accounts and notes 
              receivable                        8,094        4,029        5,962 
           Gain on sales of property
              and equipment                    (9,224)        (841)      (1,762)
           Deferred income taxes                7,967      (13,734)      (5,792)
           Amortization of unearned stock
              compensation                      3,627        3,442        3,928 
           Changes in net assets of 
              discontinued operations             ---          ---       (2,544)
           Other charges and credits, net      (9,584)     (10,632)        (749)
           Changes in operating
              assets and liabilities, net
              of acquisitions and 
              dispositions:
              Accounts and notes 
                 receivable                   (21,440)      (6,659)      (7,642)
              Inventories                         174         (628)      (1,271)
              Prepaid expenses and
                 other current assets            (824)      (2,984)         701 
              Accounts payable                  2,494       (3,410)         914 
              Other accrued liabilities         2,574        3,246        5,389 

     Net cash provided by operating 
        activities                             73,526       65,459       54,545 




     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     </TABLE>




     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows
     (In thousands)
     <CAPTION>
                                                     Years ended May 31,     
                                               1994          1993        1992
     <S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>
     Cash flows from investing 
        activities: 
        Purchases of property and 
           equipment                          (43,568)     (30,526)     (30,597)
        Purchase of previously leased
           nursing centers                     (1,667)     (14,444)     (30,596)
        Proceeds from sales of property
           and equipment                       15,877       22,330        7,686 
        Proceeds from collection of 
           notes receivable                    21,983       22,480        5,725 
        (Investments in) distributions
           from joint ventures and  
           partnerships                         2,048        4,092       (1,661)
        Increase in other assets               (2,450)      (4,833)      (5,217)

     Net cash used in investing
        activities                             (7,777)        (901)     (54,660)

     Cash flows from financing
        activities:
        Net increase (decrease) in
           borrowings under
           revolving lines of
           credit                               8,000      (13,000)     (21,952)
        Proceeds from sale of 
           preferred stock                     63,399          ---       35,000 
        Preferred stock dividends              (2,888)      (2,888)        (722)
        Proceeds from long-term
           debt                               363,525       95,140      158,000 
        Payments of principal on
           long-term debt                    (506,590)    (114,266)    (183,572)
        Proceeds from exercise of
           stock options                          587          246          301 
        Increase in intangible assets         (15,127)      (4,084)      (1,884)
        Other, net                               (270)       1,521       (1,481)
     Net cash used in financing
        activities                            (89,364)     (37,331)     (16,310)
     Increase (decrease) in cash              (23,615)      27,227      (16,425)
     Cash and cash equivalents at
        beginning of period                    73,159       45,932       62,357 
     Cash and cash equivalents  
        at end of period                    $  49,544    $  73,159    $  45,932 






     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     </TABLE>

     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Statements Of Changes In Stockholders' Equity
     (In thousands, except share information)
     <CAPTION>

                                  Years Ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992       
                                                         Retained
                                            Additional   Earnings    Unearned
                           Preferred Common  Paid-In   (Accumulated    Stock
                             Stock   Stock   Capital     Deficit)   Compensation
     <S>                     <C>  <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>
     Balance, May 31, 1991    --- $ 15,590  $ 174,056    $  2,175    $(10,715)
       Net loss               ---      ---        ---     (78,792)        --- 
       Issuance of 
         preferred stock     $  5      ---     34,995         ---         --- 
       Restricted share 
         awards, net 
         of forfeitures       ---       32        710         ---        (742)
       Stock options 
         exercised            ---       41        218         ---         --- 
       Preferred stock 
         dividends 
         ($41.25 per share)   ---      ---     (1,444)        ---         --- 
       Amortization of 
         unearned stock
         compensation         ---      ---        ---         ---       3,928 

     Balance, May 31, 1992      5   15,663    208,535     (76,617)     (7,529)
       Net income             ---      ---        ---      39,079         --- 
       Restricted share 
         awards, net of 
         forfeitures          ---       34      1,104         ---      (1,138)
       Performance shares     ---      ---        907         ---        (907)
       Stock options 
         exercised            ---       37        209         ---         --- 
       Preferred stock 
         dividends
         ($82.50 per share)   ---      ---     (2,888)        ---         --- 
       Amortization of 
         unearned stock
         compensation         ---      ---        ---         ---       3,442 
       Tax benefit 
         associated 
         with exercise 
         of stock options     ---      ---        290         ---         --- 

     Balance, May 31, 1993      5   15,734    208,157     (37,538)     (6,132)








     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     </TABLE>

     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
     Consolidated Statements Of Changes In Stockholders' Equity
     (In thousands, except share information)
     <CAPTION>

                                  Years Ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992       
                                                         Retained
                                            Additional   Earnings    Unearned
                           Preferred Common  Paid-In   (Accumulated    Stock
                             Stock   Stock   Capital     Deficit)   Compensation
     <S>                     <C>  <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>
     Net income              ---       ---        ---      57,463         --- 
     Issuance of 
       preferred stock        18       ---    119,982         ---         --- 
     Preferred stock 
       tendered to 
       exercise stock
       purchase warrants,
       net                   (10)    4,500     (4,490)        ---         --- 
     Conversion of
       debentures            ---        86      1,809         ---         --- 
     Restricted share 
       awards, net of
       forfeitures           ---       (12)      (188)        ---         200 
     Performance shares      ---       ---        906         ---        (906)
     Stock options 
       exercised             ---        73        514         ---         --- 
     Preferred stock
       dividends ($82.50
       per share)            ---       ---     (1,444)     (1,444)        --- 
     Fractional shares
       repurchased           ---        (1)       (17)        ---         --- 
     Amortization of 
       unearned stock
       compensation          ---       ---        ---         ---       3,627 
     Tax benefit 
       associated with
       exercise of 
       stock options         ---       ---        477         ---         --- 
     Preferred
       stock dividends-
       in-kind                 1       ---      4,766      (4,767)        --- 

     Balance, 
       May 31, 1994          $14  $ 20,380  $ 330,472    $ 13,714    $ (3,211)









     See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

     </TABLE>


     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          The Hillhaven Corporation And Subsidiaries

          Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements
          (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)


          1. Significant Accounting Policies

          Basis of Presentation.   The consolidated financial statements
          include the accounts of The Hillhaven Corporation and its wholly-
          owned subsidiaries ("Hillhaven" or the "Company").  Significant
          intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

          The Company completed its facility disposition program in the
          quarter ended November 30, 1993 (Note 2).  Revenues and expenses
          related to facilities remaining at the end of the disposition
          period have been reclassified to ongoing operations in the
          consolidated statements of operations for periods after December
          1, 1991.  In addition, certain other reclassifications of prior
          years' amounts have been made to conform to 1994 classifications.

          Net Operating Revenues.   Revenues are recognized when services
          are provided and products are delivered. 

          Net operating revenues consist primarily of patient care revenues
          which are reported at the net amounts realizable from residents,
          third-party payors and others for services provided.  A provision
          for estimated uncollectible patient accounts and notes receivable
          is included in operating and administrative expenses and was
          $8,094, $4,029 and $5,962 for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993
          and 1992, respectively.

          Approximately 73%, 73% and 72% of net patient care revenues for
          the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, are
          from participation of the nursing centers in Medicare and
          Medicaid programs.  Revenues under these programs are subject to
          audit and retroactive adjustment.  Provisions for estimated
          third-party payor settlements are provided in the period the
          related services are rendered and are adjusted as final
          settlements are determined.  Accounts receivable from Medicare
          and Medicaid amounted to $16,189 and $64,022, respectively, at
          May 31, 1994, and $15,520 and $63,006, respectively, at May 31,
          1993.

          Net operating revenues also include revenues from pharmacy
          operations of $176,178, $179,299 and $156,107 for the years ended
          May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. 












          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Inventories.   Inventories, which are stated at the lower of cost
          (first-in, first-out) or market, are comprised of the following:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                  May 31,   
                                              1994      1993 
          <S>                               <C>       <C>
          Pharmaceutical products           $12,371   $13,023
          Nursing center supplies             7,831     8,504

                                            $20,202   $21,527
          </TABLE>

          Property and Equipment.   Owned land, buildings, leasehold
          improvements and equipment are stated at cost.  Capitalized
          leases are stated at the lower of the present value of minimum
          lease payments or fair value at the inception of the lease.
          Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-
          line method over the useful lives of the assets, estimated as
          follows:  buildings, 20-45 years; leasehold improvements and
          certain capitalized leases, over the lesser of the estimated
          useful life or the lease term; and equipment, 5-10 years. 

          Fair Value of Financial Instruments.   Statement of Financial
          Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures About Fair Value of
          Financial Instruments", requires that Hillhaven disclose
          estimated fair values for its financial instruments.  The
          estimated fair values have been determined by the Company using
          available market information and appropriate valuation
          methodologies.  Because no market exists for a significant
          portion of Hillhaven's financial instruments, considerable
          judgment is necessarily required in interpreting the data to
          develop the estimates of fair value.  The use of different market
          assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material
          effect on the estimated fair value amounts.

          The carrying amounts of cash equivalents, accounts receivable and
          accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short
          maturity of these instruments.  The fair value estimates for
          notes receivable (Note 3) and long-term debt (Note 6) are based
          on information available to the Company as of May 31, 1994.

          Intangible Assets.   Costs incurred in obtaining long-term
          financing are amortized over the terms of the  related
          indebtedness, primarily using the straight-line method.  Costs
          related to the acquisition of leases are amortized using the
          straight-line method over the lease term.

          Hillhaven recorded extraordinary charges of $1,543 ($1,062 net of
          tax) and $743 ($565 net of tax) for the years ended May 31, 1994
          and 1993, respectively, primarily in connection with the early
          retirement of industrial revenue bonds which were refinanced.  

          Income (Loss) Per Share.   Primary income (loss) per share is
          calculated by dividing net income (loss), after deducting
          dividends on preferred stock, by the weighted average number of
          common shares and equivalents outstanding for the period.  Common
          stock equivalents are stock purchase warrants and employee stock 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          options.  Fully diluted income per share further assumes
          conversion of the Company's convertible debentures.  Conversion
          of the debentures was not assumed for the 1993 calculation
          because the exercise prices of the debentures exceeded the market
          price at May 31, 1993.  Common stock equivalents were not
          included in the 1992 calculation of loss per share as their
          effect was anti-dilutive.  All share and per share data have been
          restated for a one-for-five reverse stock split effective
          November 1, 1993.

          Cash Equivalents.   Highly liquid investments with maturities of
          three months or less at the date of acquisition are considered
          cash equivalents.  Interest earned on these investments amounted
          to $1,027, $911 and $1,024 for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993
          and 1992, respectively.


          2. Restructuring Plan

          On December 5, 1991, Hillhaven announced a restructuring plan
          designed to improve its long-term financial strength and
          operating performance.  The plan included the disposition of 82
          nursing centers over an estimated 24-month period.  In the second
          quarter of fiscal 1992, the Company recorded a $90,000 pretax
          charge, comprised of $25,700 for the projected losses from
          operations of the 82 nursing centers during the disposition
          period and $64,300 for estimated losses from the dispositions.
          Also as part of the restructuring, Hillhaven exercised options to
          purchase nine nursing centers leased from National Medical
          Enterprises, Inc. (NME), modified terms of the remaining leases
          with NME and sold preferred stock to NME in the amount of
          $35,000, the proceeds of which were used to prepay debt owed to
          NME (Note 8).

          As of November 30, 1993, the Company had completed the
          disposition of 50 of these nursing centers, as well as three
          retirement housing facilities which, prior to March 1, 1992, had
          been recorded as discontinued operations.  During the three
          months ended November 30, 1993, the Company reviewed its asset
          disposition program.  Because of improvements in reimbursement
          rates and results of operations, the Company decided not to
          pursue the sales of the remaining nursing centers and a
          retirement housing facility.  In addition, several parcels of
          land which had been held for development have been reclassified
          to other noncurrent assets.  Assets related to the Company's
          restructuring program were as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                  September 1,
                                                      1993       May 31,
                                                  (Unaudited)     1993
          <S>                                       <C>         <C>
          Assets                                    $ 85,183    $ 85,768 
          Restructuring reserve                      (54,550)    (56,646)

          Net assets                                $ 30,633    $ 29,122 
          </TABLE>


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Accrued loss reserves remaining at the date of reinstatement were
          comprised of $17,668 for losses from operations and $36,882 for
          estimated future losses on sale.  Pretax losses charged to the
          reserve were as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                 Three months
                                    ended       Year    Six months ended
                                  August 31,    ended       May 31,
                                    1993        May 31,      1992
                                 (Unaudited)     1993     (Unaudited)
          <S>                      <C>          <C>         <C>
          Loss from operations     $  235       $ 5,418     $4,263
          Loss on 
            dispositions            1,861        41,010      3,790

                                   $2,096       $46,428     $8,053
          </TABLE>

          Revenues and expenses related to the 32 nursing centers and other
          properties previously held for disposition have been reclassified
          to ongoing operations in the consolidated statements of
          operations for all periods presented.  Total revenues and
          expenses of these facilities were as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                 Three months
                                    ended       Year    Six months ended
                                  August 31,    ended       May 31,
                                    1993        May 31,      1992
                                 (Unaudited)     1993     (Unaudited)
          <S>                      <C>         <C>          <C>
          Revenues                 $30,326     $114,758     $53,760
          Expenses                  28,647      108,989      51,231

          Income from 
            operations before
            income taxes           $ 1,679     $  5,769     $ 2,529

          </TABLE>
          Net assets of these facilities as of September 1, 1993, less
          adjustments to asset carrying values and remaining accrued
          restructuring costs aggregating $32,646, have been reclassified
          from net assets held for disposition to appropriate balance sheet
          accounts.

          On December 31, 1993, Hillhaven completed the sale of 13 nursing
          centers for an aggregate sales price of $15,594.  Nine of these
          nursing centers had previously been held for disposition.  The
          sale resulted in a gain of $5,102, which is included in net
          operating revenues.








          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          3.  Notes Receivable

          Notes receivable consist primarily of notes originated upon the
          sale of nursing centers to third parties.  Generally the notes
          receivable are secured by mortgages and deeds of trust on the
          properties sold.  Notes receivable, net of the allowance for
          doubtful accounts, totalled $87,921 and $115,978 as of May 31,
          1994 and 1993, respectively.

          The aggregate estimated fair value of notes receivable was
          $91,084 and $114,855 at May 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The
          fair value of performing notes is calculated by discounting the
          projected cash flows using estimated market discount rates that
          reflect the credit and interest rate risk inherent in the notes
          and using specific borrower information.  Fair values for
          nonperforming notes (notes delinquent more than 90 days) and
          notes with no set maturity are determined based on individual
          circumstances and are valued net of specific reserves.


          4. Investments In Unconsolidated Partnerships

          Hillhaven has ownership interests ranging from 35% to 50% in a
          number of unconsolidated general and limited partnerships.  These
          investments are accounted for by the equity method and are
          included in other noncurrent assets.  All of these partnerships
          own or lease real and personal property and operate nursing
          centers or retirement housing communities.  Combined summarized
          unaudited financial information for these partnerships is as
          follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                      May 31,   
                                                  1994      1993
          <S>                                   <C>        <C>
          Current assets                        $ 8,902    $ 7,935
          Property and equipment                 46,696     60,528

          Total assets                          $55,598    $68,463

          Current liabilities                   $ 6,999    $ 5,452
          Long-term debt to unrelated parties    37,400     45,196
          Long-term debt to Hillhaven             4,377      7,749
          Partners' equity                        6,822     10,066

          Total liabilities and equity          $55,598    $68,463
          </TABLE>












          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                  Years ended May 31,
                                                 1994    1993    1992
          <S>                                  <C>     <C>     <C>
          Net operating revenues               $47,857 $54,314 $58,004 
          Net income                             2,747   4,204   2,303 
          Recognized by Hillhaven:
            Equity in income                     1,554   2,081     724 
            Interest income                        367     697     952 
            Management fees                      2,412   2,710   2,485 
          </TABLE>

          Hillhaven manages seven nursing centers and one retirement
          housing community for partnerships in which the Company has an
          equity interest.  Management fees earned are usually based upon a
          percentage of revenues, ranging from 5% to 9%.


          5.  Property And Equipment

          Property and equipment at May 31 is comprised of the following:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                  1994       1993
          <S>                                <C>          <C>
          Land                               $   77,043   $  71,297 
          Buildings                             718,983     690,868 
          Leasehold improvements                 17,208      18,433 
          Equipment                             172,992     152,692 
          Construction in progress               14,376       6,919 
                                              1,000,602     940,209 
          Less accumulated depreciation 
            and amortization                   (217,343)   (173,211)

          Net property and equipment         $  783,259   $ 766,998 
          </TABLE>

          Property and equipment includes buildings acquired under capital
          leases of $1,997 at May 31, 1994.  At May 31, 1993, capitalized
          lease assets were comprised of: land, $11,105; buildings,
          $119,056; and equipment, $7,236.  Related accumulated
          depreciation and amortization amounted to $1,776 and $9,401 at
          May 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively. 


          6. Long-Term Debt

          The Recapitalization.   In September 1993, Hillhaven completed a
          recapitalization plan (the "Recapitalization") which included the
          modification of the Company's relationship with NME (Note 8) to
          (i) purchase 23 nursing centers leased from NME for a purchase
          price of $111,800, (ii) repay all existing debt to NME in the
          aggregate principal amount of $147,202, (iii) release NME
          guarantees on approximately $400,000 of debt, (iv) limit the
          annual fee payable to NME to 2% of the remaining amount
          guaranteed and (v) amend existing agreements to eliminate 
          obligations of NME to provide additional financing to the

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Company.  The Recapitalization was financed through (i) the
          issuance to NME of $120,000 of payable-in-kind Series D Preferred
          Stock, (ii) the incurrence of a $175,000 term loan under a
          secured credit facility with a syndicate of banks, (iii) the
          issuance of $175,000 of 10-1/8% Senior Subordinated Notes due
          2001, (iv) borrowings of $30,000 under an accounts receivable-
          backed credit facility and (v) the use of approximately $39,000
          of cash.

          Long-term debt at May 31 is comprised of the following:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                       1994        1993
          <S>                                        <C>         <C>
          Debt under bank credit agreement (1) <F1>  $ 113,527   $     --- 
          Floating rate convertible 
            debentures (2) <F2>                         59,473      65,053 
          Industrial revenue bonds, payable
            in installments to 2016 (3) <F3>           124,895     140,794 
          Mortgage notes, payable monthly 
            to 2027 (3) <F3>                            50,369      47,016 
          Other notes, payable in installments 
            to 2002 (3) <F3>                            21,994      19,801 
          Capitalized lease obligations 
            (Notes 8 and 9)                              1,965     137,517 
          10-1/8% unsecured notes due 2001             174,405         --- 
          7-3/4% convertible debentures (4) <F4>        74,750      74,750 
          Secured term loans under mortgage  
            pool financing facilities 
            (Note 8) (5) <F5>                              ---     204,937 
          Debt payable to NME (Note 8)                     ---     147,215 
                                                       621,378     837,083 
          Less current portion                         (43,427)    (18,835)

                                                     $ 577,951   $ 818,248 

          <FN>
          (1)<F1>  In connection with the Recapitalization, Hillhaven
          entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of banks.  The
          credit agreement includes a $175,000 term loan facility, an
          $85,000 revolving credit facility and a $90,000 letter of credit
          facility (collectively, the "Facilities").  The letter of credit
          facility was obtained to provide credit enhancement for the
          Company's industrial revenue bonds.  Borrowings under the credit
          agreement are secured by 85 nursing centers, certain accounts
          receivable and the stock of certain subsidiaries of the Company. 
          The Facilities bear interest at either a base rate plus 3/4% to
          1-5/8% or the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus 1-3/4%
          to 2-5/8%, the spreads being dependent on the type of facility
          and leverage ratios.  The Facilities will mature on September 1,
          1998.  Commitment fees are required on the unused portions of the
          revolving credit facility and letter of credit facility and are
          paid at a rate of 3/8% to 1/2% depending on leverage ratios.  At
          May 31, 1994, $165,000 was outstanding under the term loan
          facility, including $59,473 as substituted debt for the PIP
          Debentures (discussed below), with interest payable at 6.1%.  The
          term loan is subject to scheduled principal repayments. 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Borrowings under the revolving credit facility amounted to $8,000
          at May 31, 1994, with interest payable at 6.6%.  Letters of
          credit outstanding at May 31, 1994 under the letter of credit
          facility totalled $69,418.

          (2)<F2>  Under Hillhaven's 1991 Performance Investment Plan, on
          May 29, 1992, the Company privately placed $65,053 of convertible
          debentures (the "PIP Debentures") to a wholly-owned, special
          purpose subsidiary.  The subsidiary financed 95% of the purchase
          with three-year term loans from a syndicate of commercial banks
          and 5% from the sale to key employees of options to acquire the
          PIP Debentures.  The bank loans were guaranteed by NME.  In
          September 1993, Hillhaven refinanced the term loans using its
          term loan facility.  Because the proceeds from the exercise of
          the options must be used by the Company to retire the debt
          underlying the PIP Debentures, these borrowings, together with
          the outstanding balance of the options, are classified as
          floating rate convertible debentures in the above table.  The
          interest rate was 6.1% at May 31, 1994.  Interest is not payable
          on the options. The PIP Debentures mature and the options
          terminate on May 29, 1999, and both the PIP Debentures and
          options are subject to mandatory redemption on that date or 
          upon the occurrence of certain events.  The options permit the
          holder to purchase PIP Debentures at 95% of their face value and
          to ultimately convert them into shares of common stock at an
          effective conversion price of $16.5375 per share.  The options
          vest 25% per year beginning in December 1993, with accelerated
          vesting in certain events.  The Company may repurchase the
          options at any time after May 29, 1997 by paying a redemption
          premium.  As options are exercised, the Company's taxable income
          will be reduced by any excess of the fair market value of the
          common stock at the date of conversion over the principal amount
          of the PIP Debentures redeemed. 

          (3)<F3>  Mortgage notes, industrial revenue bonds and the
          majority of other notes are principally secured by Hillhaven's
          property and equipment.  The industrial revenue bonds were issued
          by various governmental authorities to finance the construction
          or acquisition of nursing centers and retirement housing
          facilities.  The use of escrowed funds of $6,156 and $8,990 at
          May 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively, is limited to specific
          facility capital improvements or payment of principal and
          interest on the bonds.  These amounts are included in other
          noncurrent assets.  Average interest rates for the mortgage
          notes, industrial revenue bonds and other notes at May 31, 1994
          were 5.6%, 5.4% and 8.9%, respectively.

          (4)<F4>  On November 4, 1992, the Company sold $74,750 of its 
          7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated Debentures (the "Debentures") due
          2002.  The Debentures are convertible into common stock at the
          option of the holder at any time prior to maturity at a
          conversion price of $16.795 per share.  On or after November 1,
          1995, the Company may redeem the Debentures, in whole or in part,
          at specified redemption prices. The Debentures are unsecured and
          subordinated to all other indebtedness of Hillhaven.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          (5)<F5>  Hillhaven participated in two mortgage financing
          arrangements which were guaranteed by NME.  Borrowings under
          these arrangements were repaid with proceeds from the
          Recapitalization.
          </TABLE>

          Hillhaven participates in a $40,000 accounts receivable-backed
          credit facility whereby eligible Medicaid receivables of selected
          nursing centers are sold to a wholly-owned subsidiary of
          Hillhaven, formed specifically for the purpose of such
          transactions.  The purchase of receivables by the subsidiary may
          be financed by a bank line of credit with interest payable at
          either LIBOR plus 3/4% or the lenders' cost of funds.  At May 31,
          1994, the subsidiary had total assets of approximately $65,378,
          which cannot be used to satisfy claims against Hillhaven or any
          of its subsidiaries.  

          Certain loan agreements have, among other requirements,
          restrictions on cash dividends, investments and borrowings and
          require maintenance of specified operating ratios, levels of
          working capital and net worth.  Management believes that 
          Hillhaven is in compliance with all material covenants.  There
          are no compensating balance requirements for any of the credit
          lines or borrowings.

          Future maturities of long-term debt are as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
          Year ending May 31,                                  
          <S>                                            <C>
          1995                                           $ 43,427
          1996                                             49,163
          1997                                             55,994
          1998                                             33,852
          1999                                             24,996
          Later years                                     413,946
                                                         $621,378
          </TABLE>

          The fair value of the Company's long-term borrowings at May 31,
          1994 and 1993, excluding capitalized lease obligations, is
          estimated to be $638,751 and $702,317 based on quoted market
          prices or by discounting future cash flows at current rates
          offered to the Company for debt of comparable types and
          maturities.


          7. Income Taxes

          Effective June 1, 1992, Hillhaven adopted Statement of Financial
          Accounting Standards No. 109 , "Accounting for Income Taxes"
          ("SFAS 109").  The implementation of SFAS 109 changes the
          Company's method of accounting for income taxes from the deferred
          method of APB Opinion No. 11 ("APB 11") to an asset and liability
          approach.  Under the asset and liability method of SFAS 109,
          deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
          tax consequences attributable to differences between the
          financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
          liabilities and their respective tax bases. 
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
          tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in
          which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
          settled.  Under SFAS 109, the effect on deferred tax assets and
          liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
          the period that includes the enactment date. 

          Pursuant to the deferred method under APB 11, which was applied
          in fiscal 1992 and prior years, deferred income taxes were
          recognized for income and expense items that were reported in
          different years for financial reporting purposes and income tax
          purposes using the tax rate applicable for the year of the
          calculation.  Under the deferred method, deferred taxes were not
          adjusted for subsequent changes in tax rates.

          Adoption of SFAS 109 resulted in a charge of $1,103 to the 1993
          statement of operations as the cumulative effect of a change in
          accounting principle.  Including the impact of this charge, the
          effect on the year ended May 31, 1993 of the adoption of SFAS 109
          was a reduction of net income tax expense and an increase in net
          income of $7,710 as compared to amounts that would have been
          reported under APB 11.

          Income tax (expense) benefit on income (loss) from operations
          before income taxes, reinstatement of discontinued operations, 
          extraordinary charge and cumulative effect of accounting change
          consists of the following amounts:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                 Years ended May 31,  
                                                1994     1993     1992
          <S>                                <C>       <C>       <C>
          Current (expense) federal          $(12,193) $(5,400)  $(4,079)
          Current (expense) state              (2,493)    (967)     (930)
                                              (14,686)  (6,367)   (5,009)
          Deferred (expense) benefit
            federal                            (7,338)  12,609     4,079 
          Deferred (expense) benefit
            state                                (629)   1,125       523 
                                               (7,967)  13,734     4,602 

                                             $(22,653) $ 7,367   $  (407)
          </TABLE>
















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          An analysis of Hillhaven's effective income tax rate is as
          follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                 Years ended May 31,  
                                                1994     1993     1992
          <S>                               <C>        <C>       <C>
          Statutory federal income tax rate        35%       34%       34%
          Income tax (expense) benefit at 
            federal rate                    $ (28,412) $(11,349) $ 35,064 
          State income tax (expense) 
            benefit net of federal income 
            tax benefit                        (2,029)      104      (269)
          Employee stock compensation             491       255      (470)
          Nondeductible fees                      (21)      (26)      151 
          Limitation on recognition of net
            operating loss                        ---       ---   (34,742)
          Nondeductible wages                    (968)     (488)      --- 
          Valuation allowance adjustment        1,090    18,992       --- 
          Targeted jobs tax credits 
            utilized                            6,780        ---      ---  
          Other                                   416      (121)     (141)
          Income tax (expense) benefit on 
            income (loss) from operations
            before reinstatement of 
            discontinued operations,
            extraordinary charge and 
            cumulative effect of 
            accounting change               $(22,653)  $  7,367  $   (407)
          </TABLE>

          Under APB 11, deferred income tax (expense) benefits were created
          by timing differences in the recognition of revenues and expenses
          for tax and financial statement purposes.  Deferred income tax 
          (expense) benefit for the year ended May 31, 1992 was comprised
          of the following:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>

          <S>                                                <C>
          Excess of tax depreciation over book 
            depreciation                                     $   (883)
          Gain on sales of properties                            (128)
          State income tax expense                               (345)
          Compensation plans                                      847 
          Equity in partnership results of 
            operations                                            423 
          Restructuring charge                                 28,212 
          Direct write-off method for doubtful 
            accounts                                              998 
          Insurance liability                                   1,462 
          Vacation accruals                                       668 
          Limitation on recognition of net 
            operating loss                                    (26,961)
          Alternative minimum tax rate reduction                1,230 
          Other                                                  (921)

          Total deferred income tax benefit                  $  4,602 
          </TABLE>
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to
          significant portions of the federal and state deferred tax assets
          (liabilities) are comprised of the following: 
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                  Years ended May 31,
                                                    1994      1993
          <S>                                    <C>        <C>
          Depreciation                           $(16,847)  $(24,912)
          Installment sales                        (1,691)    (3,685)
          Other                                    (3,551)    (1,148)

          Gross deferred tax liabilities          (22,089)   (29,745)

          Capital leases                            8,110      7,090 
          Deferred partnership revenue              1,960      2,662 
          Insurance reserves                        9,573      8,033 
          Vacation accruals                         5,691      4,955 
          Deferred gain                             4,350      5,882 
          Bad debt reserves                         8,788      7,093 
          Restructuring reserves                      ---     20,293 
          Targeted jobs tax credits                 5,296      7,546 
          Alternative minimum tax credits           2,649      1,534 
          Other                                     4,972      3,014 
          Gross deferred tax assets                51,389     68,102 
          Less valuation allowance                (11,277)   (12,367)
          Deferred tax assets, net                 40,112     55,735 
          Net deferred tax assets                  18,023     25,990 
          Less amount included in 
            other current assets                  (18,946)   (15,762)

          Amount included in other 
            noncurrent assets (liabilities)      $   (923)  $ 10,228 
          </TABLE>

          The decrease in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets
          of $1,090 was attributable to taxable income earned in the year
          ended May 31, 1994 and, to a lesser extent, an increase in the
          estimate of future income to be earned.  For the Company to
          realize its net deferred tax assets, it must continue to achieve
          future pretax earnings.  Although the Company believes such
          pretax earnings will be achieved, a lack of earnings could result
          in an increased provision for income taxes.

          As of May 31, 1994, Hillhaven had $5,296 of targeted jobs tax
          credits which expire between May 31, 2006 and May 31, 2009.

          The Tax Reform Act of 1986 enacted an alternative minimum tax
          system for corporations.  The alternative minimum tax is assessed
          at a rate of 20% on Hillhaven's alternative minimum taxable
          income.  Alternative minimum taxable income is determined by
          making statutory adjustments to the Company's regular taxable
          income.  For the years ended May 31, 1994 and 1993, utilization
          of regular tax credits was limited by alternative minimum tax
          expense of $11,043 and $5,400, respectively.  For the years ended
          May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, regular income tax expense (before
          utilization of tax credits) exceeded the alternative minimum tax
          expense and resulted in the utilization of tax credits of $6,780,
          $915, and $123, respectively.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          8. Transactions with NME

          Lending and Related Agreements.   In connection with the spin-off
          from NME in January 1990 (the "Spin-off"), Hillhaven entered into
          certain financial arrangements with its former parent company.
          Hillhaven issued unsecured notes to NME in the aggregate amount
          of $145,859.  The Company used the proceeds from the sale of both
          the 8-1/4% Series C Preferred Stock to NME and the PIP Debentures
          to repay $96,800 of these notes (Notes 2 and 6).  As of May 31,
          1993, one of the notes had been paid in full, and the outstanding
          indebtedness on the remaining note was $49,059.  NME also
          provided mortgage financing to Hillhaven on certain nursing
          centers purchased by the Company from NME.  At May 31, 1993,
          $98,156 was outstanding under these arrangements.  In fiscal
          1994, Hillhaven repaid all of the NME notes in the aggregate
          principal amount of $147,202 with proceeds from the
          Recapitalization.  The Company also repaid debt which was
          guaranteed by NME in the aggregate amount of $266,737 (Note 6).

          Interest expense on NME notes totalled $3,696, $7,061 and $12,345
          for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

          Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement.   NME and Hillhaven entered
          into a guarantee reimbursement agreement providing for the
          payment by Hillhaven of a fee in consideration of NME's guarantee
          of certain Hillhaven obligations.  At May 31, 1994 and 1993, an
          aggregate total of approximately $279,000 and $699,000, 
          respectively, of long-term debt (Note 6), leases (Note 9) and
          contingent liabilities (Note 11)  were subject to this agreement.
          In addition, NME guarantees $7,057 of Hillhaven debt and leases
          for which Hillhaven is not charged a guarantee fee. 

          Insurance.   Through May 31, 1994, substantially all of the
          professional and general liability risks of Hillhaven were
          insured by an insurance company which is owned by NME.  Such
          insurance expense amounted to $7,627, $7,344 and $6,025 for the
          years ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  Beginning
          June 1, 1994, Hillhaven obtained separate coverage for its
          professional and general liability exposure.  

          Leases.   At the time of the Spin-off, Hillhaven leased 115
          nursing centers from NME.  During the three years ended May 31,
          1993, the Company purchased 92 of the leased nursing centers for
          an aggregate purchase price of $346,900.  At May 31, 1993,
          Hillhaven leased 23 nursing centers from NME which were recorded
          as capital leases at the aggregate purchase option price of
          $135,400.  As part of the Recapitalization (Note 6), the Company
          purchased the remaining 23 nursing centers leased from NME for an
          aggregate purchase price of $111,800.  Interest expense on the
          NME leases for the years ended May 31, 1994 and 1993 and the six
          months ended May 31, 1992 amounted to $3,401, $19,889 and
          $12,825, respectively.  Rent expense on NME leases for the six
          months ended November 30, 1991 amounted to $15,117.   

          Hillhaven is leasing certain nursing centers from Health Care
          Property Partners, a joint venture in which NME has a minority
          interest.  Lease payments to this joint venture amounted to
          $9,923, $9,699 and $9,507 for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993
          and 1992, respectively.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Equity Ownership.   On November 30, 1991, NME purchased 35,000
          shares of Hillhaven's 8-1/4% cumulative nonvoting Series C
          Preferred Stock.  The proceeds, $35,000, were used to reduce
          notes payable to NME.  NME is entitled to a cumulative dividend,
          payable quarterly, at the annual rate of 8-1/4% of the $35,000
          liquidation value.  The Series C Preferred Stock is redeemable at
          the option of the Company at any time, in whole or in part.  

          In connection with the Recapitalization, Hillhaven issued to NME
          $120,000 of cumulative nonvoting payable-in-kind Series D
          Preferred Stock.  On February 28, 1994, NME tendered shares of
          the Series D Preferred Stock in the amount of $63,300 in order to
          exercise its warrants to purchase 6,000,000 shares of Hillhaven
          common stock.  

          NME is entitled to receive cumulative quarterly dividends on the
          Series D Preferred Stock at an annual rate of 6-1/2% of the
          liquidation value which, as of May 31, 1994, was $60,546.  The
          dividends are payable in additional shares of Series D Preferred
          Stock, compounded annually, until September 1998, when the
          dividends will be paid in cash.  The Company may, at its option,
          redeem the Series D Preferred Stock at any time, in whole or in
          part, subject to restrictions included in certain loan
          agreements.

          Management Agreement.  Hillhaven provides management, consulting
          and advisory services in connection with the operation of seven
          nursing centers owned or leased by NME or its subsidiaries.  In
          return for such services, Hillhaven receives a management fee and
          is reimbursed for certain costs and expenses.  Hillhaven earned
          $2,543, $2,440 and $2,300 for such services during fiscal 1994,
          1993 and 1992, respectively.  Management fees receivable from NME
          amounted to $610 at May 31, 1994 and $545 at May 31, 1993.


          9. Leases

          As of May 31, 1994, Hillhaven leases 122 nursing centers, 78 of
          which are operated by the Company.  Most lease agreements cover
          periods from 10 to 20 years and contain renewal options of 5 to
          40 years.  Hillhaven's pharmacy outlets are leased under terms
          generally ranging from three to five years with three-year
          renewal options. 
















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases and related
          sublease income are as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                             Sublease
          Year ending May 31,           Capital   Operating   Income  
          <S>                           <C>       <C>        <C>
          1995                          $   367   $ 38,570   $(12,047)
          1996                              369     33,954    (10,130)
          1997                              374     29,238     (7,732)
          1998                              378     26,963     (7,488)
          1999                              383     19,553     (5,819)
          Thereafter                      1,034     61,615    (20,560)
          Total minimum lease 
            payments (income)             2,905   $209,893   $(63,776)
          Less amount representing 
            interest                      (940)
          Present value of net minimum 
            lease payments               1,965 
          Less current portion            (168)

          Long-term obligations         $1,797 
          </TABLE>

          Rent expense under operating leases is as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                             Years ended May 31,  
                                           1994     1993      1992
          <S>                           <C>        <C>       <C>
          Rent expense                  $ 52,440   $ 52,537  $ 67,144 
          Sublease rental income         (13,563)   (10,390)   (6,060)

                                        $ 38,877   $ 42,147  $ 61,084 
          </TABLE>

          10. Benefit Plans

          Hillhaven's 1990 Stock Incentive Plan (the "1990 Plan") provides
          for incentive stock option, nonqualified stock option, restricted
          stock, stock appreciation right and cash bonus awards to certain
          executive officers and other key employees of Hillhaven.
          Incentive stock options are granted at an exercise price equal to
          the fair market value of the shares on the date of grant, and 
          nonqualified stock options are granted at an exercise price of
          not less than 50% of fair market value on the date of grant.
          Restricted shares are issued at no cost to the employee, and
          restrictions on such shares generally lapse over five years from
          the date of the award as long as the employee continues to be
          employed by Hillhaven.

          In addition, Hillhaven has replaced its long-term cash bonus plan
          with performance share awards ("Performance Shares") under the 
          1990 Plan.  The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
          identified key management employees who are eligible to receive
          Performance Shares.  Performance Shares represent potential
          rights to receive common stock based upon the Company achieving
          specified financial targets over a three-year period.  Subject to
          the Compensation Committee's sole discretion to award all or any 
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          portion of the Performance Shares, participants may receive
          shares of common stock based upon actual performance in relation
          to the financial targets.

          The fair market value on the date of award of restricted shares
          and the excess of the fair market value of the Hillhaven shares
          on the date of grant of nonqualified stock options over the
          exercise price represents compensation which is deferred and
          charged to operations as the forfeiture restrictions lapse and as
          the nonqualified options vest.  An estimate of the fair market
          value of Performance Shares expected to be awarded also
          represents compensation and is deferred and charged to operations
          over a three-year period.  Unearned compensation is recorded as a
          deduction from stockholders' equity.  No stock appreciation
          rights or cash bonuses have been awarded under the 1990 Plan. At
          May 31, 1994, there were 2,401,629 shares of common stock
          available under the 1990 Plan for future awards.

          Hillhaven also has a Directors' Stock Option Plan for directors
          who are not employees of Hillhaven and are not eligible to
          participate in the 1990 Plan.  Nonstatutory options to purchase
          2,000 shares of common stock are granted each year to each
          qualified director at the fair market value of the shares on the
          date of grant. 

          Information regarding stock option plans follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                    1990      Directors'
                                                    Stock       Stock
                                                  Incentive    Option
                                                    Plan        Plan    
          <S>                                     <C>         <C>
          Shares under option:
          Outstanding at May 31, 1991              305,597      20,000 
          Granted                                      ---      12,000 
          Exercised                                (52,345)     (2,000)
          Canceled                                  (4,350)        --- 

          Outstanding at May 31, 1992              248,902      30,000 
          Granted                                  101,647      10,000 
          Exercised                                (49,079)        --- 
          Canceled                                  (1,542)     (2,000)

          Outstanding at May 31, 1993              299,928      38,000 
          Granted                                   66,002      10,000 
          Exercised                                (95,785)     (2,000)
          Canceled                                  (6,532)     (6,000)

          Outstanding at May 31, 1994              263,613      40,000 

          Average option price per share             $9.85      $14.41 
          Options exercisable at May 31, 1994      204,625      30,000 

          Average price of options exercised:
            Year ended May 31, 1992                  $5.00       $5.15 
            Year ended May 31, 1993                  $5.02         --- 
            Year ended May 31, 1994                  $5.84      $13.75 
          </TABLE>
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Shares of common stock issued in the last three fiscal years in
          connection with employee and director compensation and benefit
          plans were 97,785 in 1994, 135,079 in 1993 and 134,345 in 1992.
          Restricted shares forfeited and retired in the last three fiscal
          years were 16,000 in 1994, 39,670 in 1993 and 37,915 in 1992.

          Hillhaven maintains defined contribution retirement plans
          covering substantially all full-time employees, whereby employee
          contributions to the plans are matched by Hillhaven up to certain
          limits.  Defined contribution pension expense totalled $3,938,
          $4,556 and $3,812 for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and
          1992, respectively. 

          Hillhaven also maintains supplemental retirement plans covering
          outside directors, executive officers and certain other
          management employees under which benefits are determined based
          primarily upon the participants' compensation and length of
          service to the Company.  Expense under these plans amounted to
          $730, $262 and $393 for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and
          1992, respectively.  Accrued benefits under the plans amounted to
          $2,518 and $1,829 at May 31, 1994 and 1993, respectively, and are
          included in other long-term liabilities.


          11. Commitments And Contingencies

          Hillhaven is contingently liable at May 31, 1994 for $34,099
          primarily as a guarantor of indebtedness of partnerships in which
          Hillhaven has an ownership interest (Note 4) or with which it has
          a management agreement.  It is not practicable to estimate the
          fair value of these off-balance sheet obligations.  NME has
          guaranteed $16,421 of these obligations for which Hillhaven has
          agreed to indemnify NME under the terms of the Guarantee
          Reimbursement Agreement (Note 8).

          The Company maintains insurance coverage for its workers
          compensation exposure.  The estimated liability for retrospective
          workers compensation premiums (included in other accrued
          liabilities and other long-term liabilities) is based on
          actuarially projected estimates discounted at an 8.4% average
          rate to their present value, which amounted to $8,619 at May 31,
          1994 and $16,805 at May 31, 1993.

          Hillhaven is subject to various claims and lawsuits in the
          ordinary course of business which are covered by insurance or
          adequately provided for in Hillhaven's financial statements.  In
          the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of these
          matters will not have a material adverse effect on Hillhaven's
          financial condition.










          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          12. Statements of Cash Flows 

          Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information are as follows:
          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>
                                                  Years ended May 31,   
                                               1994      1993       1992
          <S>                                <C>       <C>        <C>
          Cash paid for:
          Interest                           $ 44,966  $ 56,144   $ 53,454
          Income taxes                         10,925     7,250      5,678

          Noncash investing and 
            financing activities:
          Acquisition of previously 
            leased nursing centers 
            and pharmacies
              Long-term debt assumed  
                and incurred                   13,705    39,609     76,403
              Adjustment to property
                and equipment and 
                capital lease
                obligations                    23,600     6,780        ---
          Notes received in connection 
            with sales of nursing centers       3,340    36,338     16,304
          Preferred stock issued to 
            retire debt                        56,601       ---       --- 
          Consolidation of previously 
            unconsolidated investees 
            and reinstatement of 
            retirement housing 
            operations
                Increase in assets              6,243     4,155     93,113
                Increase in liabilities         6,292     4,942     66,367
          Capitalization of leases                ---       ---    299,500
          Preferred stock tendered
            for the purchase of 
            common stock                       63,300       ---        ---
          Reclassification of property 
            and equipment and 
            intangible assets to/from 
            assets held for disposition        52,537       ---     96,328

          </TABLE>















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          <TABLE>
          Quarterly Financial Summary (Unaudited)
          <CAPTION>

                                               Year ended May 31, 1994       
                                                       Quarters              
                                        First     Second     Third     Fourth
          <S>                         <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
          Net operating 
            revenues (1)<F1>          $354,814   $361,427   $363,973  $368,520 

          Income before 
            extraordinary 
            charge (2)<F2>              $8,024    $25,812    $11,707   $12,982 
          Extraordinary charge             ---       (940)       (73)      (49)

          Net income                    $8,024    $24,872    $11,634   $12,933 

          Income per share 
            - primary: (3)<F3>
            Income before 
              extraordinary charge        $.31       $.98       $.37      $.41 
          Extraordinary charge             ---       (.04)       ---       --- 

          Net income                      $.31       $.94       $.37      $.41 

          Income per share - fully
            diluted: (3)<F3>
            Income before 
              extraordinary charge        $.28       $.77       $.33      $.37 
            Extraordinary charge           ---       (.03)       ---       --- 

          Net income                      $.28       $.74       $.33      $.37 
          </TABLE>

























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          <TABLE>
          <CAPTION>


                                               Year ended May 31, 1993       
                                                       Quarters              
                                        First     Second     Third     Fourth
          <S>                         <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
          Net operating 
            revenues (1)<F1>          $331,992   $342,681   $344,065  $344,092 

          Income before
            extraordinary charge
            and cumulative effect       $8,803    $11,117     $9,432   $11,395 
          Extraordinary charge             ---        ---       (565)      --- 
          Cumulative effect of 
            accounting change           (1,103)       ---        ---       --- 

          Net income                    $7,700    $11,117     $8,867   $11,395 

          Income per share -
            primary: (3)<F3>
          Income before 
            extraordinary charge
            and cumulative effect         $.37       $.46       $.36      $.47 
          Extraordinary charge             ---        ---       (.02)      --- 
          Cumulative effect of 
            accounting change             (.05)       ---        ---       --- 

          Net income                      $.32       $.46       $.34      $.47 












          <FN>

          (1)<F1> Amounts for periods prior to September 1, 1993 have been
                  restated to include the revenues of facilities
                  previously held for disposition (Note 2).

          (2)<F2> Includes a $21,904 restructuring credit recorded in the
                  1994 second quarter (Note 2).

          (3)<F3> Adjusted to reflect a one-for-five reverse stock split
                  effected in November 1993.





          </TABLE>
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     <TABLE>                                                                         SCHEDULE V
                                           THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                                            PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                  (Dollar amounts are expressed in thousands)

     <CAPTION>
     Classification          Balance at                                                     Balance at
                             beginning of    Additions       Sales and      Other           end of
                             period          at cost (1)<F1> retirements    changes(2)<F2>  period
     <S>                     <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>
     Year ended
      May 31, 1992                   
      Land                   $ 32,161       $   8,652        $  (2,316)     $   2,765  a    $   41,262
      Buildings               345,612         102,731          (20,805)        (2,774) a       424,764
      Leasehold 
       improvements            28,445           4,530             (833)       (10,862) a        21,280
      Equipment               128,810          24,057           (9,033)       (19,922) a       123,912
      Construction in
       progress                 7,185             568              ---         (1,466) b         6,287
      Capitalized leases        5,515         299,500              ---         (1,007) b       304,008

                             $547,728       $ 440,038        $ (32,987)     $ (33,266)      $  921,513

     Year ended 
      May 31, 1993                   
      Land                   $ 41,262       $   2,749        $    (944)     $  17,125  c    $   60,192
      Buildings               424,764          20,880           (8,960)       135,128  c       571,812
      Leasehold 
       improvements            21,280           3,016             (623)        (5,240) c        18,433
      Equipment               123,912          14,687           (4,524)        11,381  c       145,456
      Construction in
       progress                 6,287             719              ---            (87) c         6,919
      Capitalized leases      304,008             ---           (6,311)      (160,300) c       137,397

                             $921,513       $  42,051        $ (21,362)     $  (1,993)      $  940,209






     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     <TABLE>                                                                         SCHEDULE V
                                           THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                                            PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                  (Dollar amounts are expressed in thousands)

     <CAPTION>
     Classification           Balance at                                                      Balance at
                              beginning of    Additions        Sales and      Other           end of
                              period          at cost (1)<F1>  retirements    changes(2)<F2>  period
     <S>                      <C>            <C>               <C>            <C>             <C>

     Year ended 
      May 31, 1994                    
      Land                    $ 60,192       $   2,459         $  (4,007)     $ 18,399  d     $   77,043
      Buildings                571,812          18,828           (25,505)      151,851  d        716,986
      Leasehold 
       improvements             18,433           1,914              (155)       (2,984) d         17,208
      Equipment                145,456          22,844           (15,096)       19,788  d        172,992
      Construction 
       in progress               6,919           7,296               ---           161  d         14,376
      Capitalized 
       leases                  137,397             ---               ---      (135,400) d          1,997

                              $940,209       $  53,341         $ (44,763)     $ 51,815        $1,000,602
     </TABLE>

















     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          [FN]

          (1)<F1>  1992 additions include the purchase of 24 previously
                   leased nursing centers and one retirement housing
                   facility: land, $7,420; buildings, $95,088; and
                   equipment, $7,397. Total consideration for the purchase
                   included debt totaling $76,212. Additions also include
                   the capitalization of 76 leases: land, $28,983;
                   buildings, $251,031; and equipment, $19,486, as part of
                   the restructuring transaction as described in Note 2 of
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

          (2)<F2>  a.  Reclassification to net assets held for disposition
                       as part of restructuring transaction: land,
                       $(8,473); buildings $(83,467); leasehold
                       improvements, $(10,963); equipment, $(26,820); and
                       construction in progress, $(261).  The
                       restructuring is described in Note 2 of Notes to
                       Consolidated Financial Statements 

                       Reinstatement of discontinued operations: land,
                       $11,309; building, $74,437; leasehold improvements,
                       $127; and equipment, $5,818.

                       Consolidation of previously unconsolidated
                       investee: land, $1, building, $5,611; and
                       equipment, $561.  Adjustment to basis of retirement
                       housing property: land $(24); building, $(1,315);
                       and equipment, $(35).

                   b.  Reclassification to other property and equipment
                       accounts. 

                   c.  Purchase of nursing centers, previously recorded as
                       capitalized leases: land $17,303; buildings 
                       $131,095; and equipment $11,902.  Adjustment to
                       building ($1,486) in connection with purchase of
                       partnership interests.

                       Reclassification to other property and equipment
                       accounts.

                   d.  Purchase of 23 nursing centers and two retirement
                       housing facilities previously recorded as
                       capitalized leases: land, $11,105; buildings,
                       $117,059; and equipment, $7,236.  Discount on
                       purchase of nursing centers, previously recorded as
                       capitalized leases: land, $(197); buildings,
                       $(22,880); and equipment, $(523).  Reclassification
                       of leasehold improvements to buildings in
                       connection with the acquisition of previously
                       leased nursing centers, $4,048.

                       Consolidation of a previously unconsolidated
                       investee: land, $989; buildings, $7,874; and 
                       equipment, $396.   



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          [FN]

                       Effect of reinstatement of assets held for
                       disposition: land, $6,876; buildings, $47,042;
                       leasehold improvements, $1,061; equipment, $12,722;
                       and construction in progress, $347.

                       Reclassification to other property and equipment
                       accounts.

                   The annual provision for depreciation and amortization
                   is computed using the straight-line method over the
                   following useful lives: 20 to 45 years for buildings
                   and improvements, 5 to 10 years for equipment and the
                   lesser of the estimated useful life or the lease term
                   for leasehold improvements and certain capital leases.











































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     <TABLE>                                                                         SCHEDULE VI
                                           THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                                 ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION OF
                                            PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                (In thousands)
     <CAPTION>

                                            Additions
                             Balance at     charged to                                   Balance at
                             beginning of   costs &      Sales and      Other            end of
     Description             period         expenses     retirements    changes          period
     <S>                     <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>              <C>
     Year ended                                                          (19,101) (1)<F1>
      May 31, 1992           $124,157       $ 41,485     $ (9,077)      $ (1,737) (3)<F3> $135,727 

     Year ended                                                             (261) (2)<F2>
      May 31, 1993           $135,727       $ 48,030     $ (6,526)      $ (3,759) (3)<F3> $173,211 

     Year ended 
      May 31, 1994           $173,211       $ 48,356     $(20,055)      $ 15,831  (3)<F3> $217,343 


     <FN>

     (1)<F1>  Reclassification to net assets held for disposition as 
             part of restructuring transaction.  The restructuring is 
             described in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial 
             Statements                                                                  $(25,181)
           Reinstatement of discontinued operations                                         6,254 
           Reclassification to buildings upon acquisition of 
             previously leased nursing centers                                               (185)
           Consolidation of previously unconsolidated investees                               593 
           Reclassification to buildings upon transfer of 
             property and equipment to a consolidated investee                               (582)

                                                                                         $(19,101)

     (2)<F2>  Reclassification to buildings upon acquisition of previously leased nursing centers.

     (3)<F3>  Effect of reinstatement of assets held for disposition; $15,766.
     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>
     <TABLE>                                                                         SCHEDULE VIIITHE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                                (In thousands)
     <CAPTION>
                                                          Additions
                                           Balance at     charged to                   Balance at
                                           beginning      costs &                      end of
     Description                           of period      expenses    Deductions       period
     <S>                                   <C>           <C>           <C>             <C>
     Year ended May 31, 1992:
     Valuation accounts deducted 
      from assets:
     Allowance for doubtful                                            $ (5,370) (1)<F1> 
      accounts and notes                                                     18  (2)<F2>
      receivable                           $ 20,517      $  5,962           478  (5)<F5>       $21,605

     Reserve for loss on 
      discontinued operations              $ 23,753      $    ---      $(23,753) (3)<F3>       $---

     Reserve for loss on assets 
      held for disposition                 $    ---      $110,736      $ (7,662) (4)<F4>       $103,074

     Year ended May 31, 1993:                      
     Valuation accounts deducted 
      from assets:
     Allowance for doubtful                        
      accounts and notes                                               $ (5,686) (1)<F1>
      receivable                           $ 21,605      $  4,029           138  (5)<F5>       $20,086

     Reserve for loss on assets 
      held for disposition                 $103,074      $    ---      $(46,428) (4)<F4>       $56,646
     Year ended May 31, 1994:
     Valuation accounts deducted 
      from assets:
     Allowance for doubtful 
      accounts and notes 
      receivable                           $ 20,086      $  8,094      $ (3,567) (1)<F1>       $24,613

     Reserve for loss on assets                                        $ (2,096) (4)<F4>
      held for disposition                 $ 56,646      $    ---       (54,550) (6)<F6>       $---
     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>




          [FN]

          (1)<F1> Write-off of accounts and notes receivable.

          (2)<F2> Effect of reinstatement of discontinued operations.

          (3)<F3> Elimination of loss reserve upon reinstatement of
                  discontinued operations.

          (4)<F4> Operating losses related to nursing centers and
                  retirement housing facilities held for disposition were
                  charged to the reserve.  See Note 2 of Notes to
                  Consolidated Financial Statements.

          (5)<F5> Provision related to nursing centers and retirement
                  housing facilities held for disposition was charged to
                  the reserve for loss on assets held for disposition.

          (6)<F6> Elimination of loss reserve upon reinstatement of assets
                  held for disposition.






































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
                                                                   SCHEDULE X
                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                      SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                                    (In thousands)


     <CAPTION>
                                             Charged to costs and expenses
                                                   Year Ended May 31,
                                            1994           1993        1992

     <S>                                   <C>           <C>         <C>
     Repairs and maintenance               $13,753       $13,148     $ 12,491

     Taxes, other than payroll and 
      income taxes                         $16,644       $15,633     $ 17,359











               Amortization of intangible assets and advertising costs are
          less than one percent of net operating revenues.  There are no
          royalties.



          </TABLE>























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                  INDEX TO EXHIBITS

          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

            (3)     Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws

                    3.01   Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
                           of Hillhaven (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit J to Exhibit 2 to the document referred
                           to in Note 1 below)

                    3.02   Amended and Restated By-Laws of Hillhaven 

            (4)     Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders

                    4.01   Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
                           of Hillhaven (See Exhibit 3.01)

                    4.02   Amended and Restated By-Laws of Hillhaven (See
                           Exhibit 3.02)

                    4.03   Form of Common Stock Certificate of Hillhaven
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    4.04   Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement among
                           Hillhaven, NME and Manufacturers Hanover Trust
                           Company of California, dated as of January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4
                           to the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    4.05   Rights Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company of
                           California, dated as of January 31, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to
                           the document referred to Note 1 below)

                    4.06   Form of Rights Certificate (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.6 to the
                           document referred to in Note 1 below) 

                    4.07   Agreement concerning purchase by NME Properties
                           Corp., of Series C Preferred Stock of Hillhaven
                           and prepayment by First Healthcare Corporation
                           of indebtedness to NME Properties Corp. dated
                           at or prior to 11:59 p.m. on November 30, 1991
                           between NME, NME Properties Corp., Hillhaven
                           and First Healthcare Corporation (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the document
                           referred to in Note 2 below)

                    4.08   Certificate of Designation, Preferences and
                           Rights of Series C Preferred Stock of Hillhaven
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to
                           the document referred to in Note 2 below)


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    4.09   Certificate of First Amendment to Certificate
                           of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
                           Series C Preferred Stock of The Hillhaven
                           Corporation (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 4(b) to the document referred to in
                           Note 9 below)

                    4.10   Form of Indenture between Hillhaven and Bankers
                           Trust Company, as Trustee with respect to the
                           7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due
                           2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14
                           to the document referred to in Note 4 below)

                    4.11   Form of 7-3/4% Convertible Subordinated
                           Debenture Due 2002 (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 4.15 to the document referred to in
                           Note 4 below)

                    4.12   Form of Indenture between Hillhaven and State
                           Street Bank and Trust Company, as Trustee with
                           respect to the 10-1/8% Senior Subordinated
                           Notes due 2001 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 4.01 to the document referred to in
                           Note 5 below)

                    4.13   Form of 10-1/8% Senior Subordinated Note due
                           2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02
                           to the document referred to in Note 5 below)

                    4.14   Agreement Concerning Purchase by NME Properties
                           Corp. and Certain Subsidiaries of Series D
                           Preferred Stock of The Hillhaven Corporation,
                           dated as of September 1, 1993 among Hillhaven,
                           First Healthcare Corporation, NME, NME
                           Properties Corp. and certain subsidiaries of
                           NME Properties Corp.

                    4.15   Certificate of Designation, Preferences and
                           Rights of Series D Preferred Stock of The
                           Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the document
                           referred to in Note 9 below)

                    4.16   Certificate Concerning Reverse Stock Split of
                           The Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 4(c) to the document
                           referred to in Note 9 below)

                    4.17   Credit Agreement dated as of September 2, 1993,
                           between First Healthcare Corporation, as
                           lender, and Hillhaven PIP Funding I, Inc., as
                           borrower (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           4.07 to the document referred to in Note 8
                           below)


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    4.18   The Hillhaven Corporation 1991 Performance
                           Investment Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.24 to the document referred to in
                           Note 1 below)

                    4.19   Certificate of Designation, Preferences and
                           Rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.03 to
                           the document referred to in Note 8 below)

                    4.20   Form of Indenture between Hillhaven and
                           Chemical Bank, as Trustee with respect to the
                           Convertible Debentures due May 29, 1999
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to
                           the document referred to in Note 8 below)

                    4.21   Form of Convertible Debenture due May 29, 1999
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.02 to
                           the document referred to in Note 8 below)

           (10)     Material Contracts

                    10.01  Services Agreement between Hillhaven and NME,
                           dated as of January 31, 1990 (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    10.02  Tax Sharing Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           NME, dated as of January 31, 1990 (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    10.03  Government Programs Agreement between Hillhaven
                           and NME, dated January 31, 1990 (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    10.04  Insurance Agreement between Hillhaven and NME,
                           dated as of January 31, 1990 (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.05 Employee and Employee Benefits Agreement
                           between Hillhaven and NME, dated as of
                           January 31, 1990 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.6 to the document referred to in
                           Note 1 below)

                    *10.06 Resignation Agreement and General Release
                           between Hillhaven and Richard K. Eamer, dated
                           as of September 15, 1993

                    *10.07 Employment Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           Leonard Cohen, dated as of January 31, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    *10.08 Amendment No. One to Employment Agreement
                           between Hillhaven and Leonard Cohen, dated as
                           of May 31, 1994

                    *10.09 Severance Agreement among Hillhaven, NME and
                           Christopher J. Marker, dated as of January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           10.23 to the document referred to in Note 1
                           below)

                    *10.10 Severance Agreement between Hillhaven and
                           Christopher J. Marker, dated as of May 24, 1994

                    *10.11 Form of Severance Agreement between Hillhaven
                           and certain of its officers

                     10.12 Form of Indemnification Agreement between
                           Hillhaven and certain of its executive officers
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.13 Hillhaven Directors' Stock Option Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.14 The Hillhaven Corporation Board of Directors
                           Retirement Plan

                    *10.15 Hillhaven Deferred Savings Plan (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.16 Hillhaven 1990 Stock Incentive Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.17 Hillhaven Annual Incentive Plan (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the document
                           referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.18 Hillhaven Long Term Incentive Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.19 Hillhaven Deferred Compensation Master Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                    *10.20 Hillhaven Senior Management Deferred
                           Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.16 to the document referred to in
                           Note 1 below)




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                    *10.21 First Restatement of the Hillhaven Supplemental
                           Executive Retirement Plan 

                    *10.22 Hillhaven Individual Retirement Annuity Plan
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.23 Form of Assignment and Assumption of Lease
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and certain
                           subsidiaries, on the one hand, and NME and
                           certain subsidiaries on the other hand,
                           together with the related Guaranty by
                           Hillhaven, dated on or prior to January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
                           to the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.24 Form of Management Agreement between First
                           Healthcare Corporation and certain NME
                           subsidiaries, dated on or prior to January 31,
                           1990 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           10.10 to the document referred to in Note 1
                           below)

                     10.25 Reorganization and Distribution Agreement
                           between Hillhaven and NME, dated as of
                           January 8, 1990, as amended on January 30, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.01 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.26 Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement between
                           Hillhaven and NME, dated as of January 31, 1990
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
                           the document referred to in Note 1 below)

                     10.27 First Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of October 30, 1990

                     10.28 First Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of May 30, 1991 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.45 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)

                     10.29 Second Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of October 2, 1991 (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.46 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.30 Third Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of April 1, 1992 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.47 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)

                     10.31 Fourth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of November 12, 1992 (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.13 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)

                     10.32 Fifth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of February 19, 1993  (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.33 Sixth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of May 28, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.15 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)

                     10.34 Seventh Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of May 28, 1993

                     10.35 Eighth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement
                           Agreement between Hillhaven and NME, dated as
                           of September 2, 1993

                     10.36 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement among
                           Hillhaven, New Pond Village Associates and
                           BayBank of Boston, N.A., dated as of August 25,
                           1989 and effective November 1, 1991
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to
                           the document referred to in Note 3 below)

                     10.37 Facility Purchase and Sale Agreements, each
                           dated as of February 12, 1992, between First
                           Healthcare Corporation and Zevco Enterprises,
                           Inc. for the four nursing centers in Houston,
                           Texas (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                           10.41 to the document referred to in Note 3
                           below)

                     10.38 Facility Agreement among First Healthcare
                           Corporation and Certain Limited Partnerships,
                           dated as of April 23, 1992 relating to the sale
                           of 32 nursing centers (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the document
                           referred to in Note 3 below)



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.39 First Amendment to Facility Agreement among
                           First Healthcare Corporation and Certain
                           Limited Partnerships, dated as of July 31, 1992
                           relating to the sale of 32 nursing centers
                           (Incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.43 to
                           the document referred to in Note 3 below)

                     10.40 Letter Agreement dated July 14, 1992,
                           concerning acquisition by Hillhaven from NME of
                           26 nursing centers and two adjacent retirement
                           housing communities (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.49 to the document referred to in
                           Note 3 below)

                     10.41 Letter Agreement dated August 4, 1992, between
                           Hillhaven and NME, amending the July 14, 1992
                           letter agreement concerning acquisition by
                           Hillhaven from NME of 26 nursing centers and
                           two adjacent retirement communities
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to
                           the document referred to in Note 3 below) 

                     10.42 Letter Agreement dated October 14, 1992,
                           between Hillhaven and NME, amending the
                           July 14, 1992 letter concerning acquisition by
                           Hillhaven from NME of 34 nursing centers and
                           two adjacent retirement housing communities
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to
                           the document referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.43 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow
                           Instructions between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and certain NME subsidiaries, dated
                           as of November 4, 1992 relating to the
                           acquisition of 24 nursing centers (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.44 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow
                           Instructions between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and certain NME subsidiaries, dated
                           as of February 1, 1993, relating to the
                           acquisition of 17 nursing centers (Incorporated
                           by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.45 Facility Purchase and Sale Agreement, each
                           dated April 1, 1993, between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and Zevco Enterprises, Inc., an
                           Illinois corporation, relating to the sale of
                           13 nursing centers (Incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 10.61 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.46 Purchase and Sale Agreement and Escrow
                           Instructions between First Healthcare
                           Corporation and certain NME subsidiaries, dated
                           as of May 20, 1993 relating to the acquisition
                           of 11 nursing centers (Incorporated by
                           reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the document
                           referred to in Note 6 below)

                     10.47 Letter of Intent dated June 22, 1993 between
                           Hillhaven and NME (Incorporated by reference to
                           Exhibit 10.63 to the document referred to in
                           Note 6 below)

                     10.48 Credit Agreement dated as of September 1, 1993
                           among First Healthcare Corporation, The
                           Hillhaven Corporation, the Banks referred to
                           therein, the LC Issuing Banks referred to
                           therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New
                           York, Chemical Bank and J. P. Morgan Delaware
                           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the
                           document referred to in Note 7 below)

                     10.49 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as
                           of October 12, 1993, among First Healthcare
                           Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
                           Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks
                           referred to therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust
                           Company of New York, Chemical Bank and J. P.
                           Morgan Delaware

                     10.50 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as
                           of December 30, 1993, among First Healthcare
                           Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
                           Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks
                           referred to therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust
                           Company of New York, Chemical Bank and J. P.
                           Morgan Delaware

                     10.51 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as
                           of May 27, 1994, among First Healthcare
                           Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
                           Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks
                           referred to therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust
                           Company of New York, Chemical Bank and J. P.
                           Morgan Delaware

                     10.52 Agreement and Waiver, dated as of September 2,
                           1993, by and among Hillhaven, First Healthcare
                           Corporation, NME and certain NME subsidiaries







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Exhibit
            No.     Item/Document

                     10.53 Novation Agreement among Hillhaven Funding
                           Corporation, Banque Indosuez, New York Branch,
                           Banque Nationale de Paris, San Francisco
                           Agency, Bank of America National Trust and
                           Savings Association and Seattle-First National
                           Bank, dated as of April 29, 1994

                     10.54 Amended and Restated Master Sale and Servicing
                           Agreement among Hillhaven Funding Corporation,
                           Hillhaven and certain Hillhaven subsidiaries,
                           dated as of April 29, 1994

                     10.55 Amended and Restated Liquidity Agreement
                           between Hillhaven Funding Corporation, Bank of
                           America National Trust and Savings Association
                           and Seattle-First National Bank dated as of
                           April 29, 1994

           (11)      Computation of Per Share Earnings

                     11.01 Statement re: Computation of Per Share Earnings

           (21)      Subsidiaries

                     21.01 Subsidiaries of the Registrant

           (23)      Consent of Experts and Counsel

                     23.01 Consent of Independent Accountants, KPMG Peat
                           Marwick LLP


























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



             Note
           Reference                      Document

               1.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                    November 30, 1989, as amended.
               2.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                    November 30, 1991, as amended.
               3.   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,
                    1992, as amended.
               4.   Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-48755).
               5.   Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-65718).
               6.   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,
                    1993.
               7.   Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 2, 1993.
               8.   Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-50833).
               9.   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                    November 30, 1993.

               ___________________

               *  Management contracts and compensatory plans or
                  arrangements required to be filed as an Exhibit to comply
                  with Item 14(a)(3).
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.02
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 3.02

                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                                 a Nevada Corporation

                             AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

                  As Amended and Restated Through November 30, 1993

                                      ARTICLE I

                                STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS

          Section 1.1.   Place of Meetings.

               All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at the
          principal office of the Corporation in the State of Washington,
          or at any other place within or without the State of Nevada as
          may be designated for that purpose from time to time by the Board
          of Directors.

          Section 1.2.   Annual Meetings.

               The annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held not
          later than 210 days after the close of the fiscal year, on the
          date and at the time set by the Board of Directors, at which time
          the stockholders shall elect directors, consider reports of the
          affairs of the Corporation, and transact such other business as
          may properly be brought before the meeting.

          Section 1.3    Special Meetings.

               Except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of
          stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board
          of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of
          the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there
          exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the
          time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors
          for adoption).

          Section 1.4.   Notice of Meetings.

               1.4.1.  Notice of each meeting of stockholders, whether
          annual or special, shall be given at least 10 and not more than
          60 days prior to the day thereof by the Secretary or any
          Assistant Secretary causing to be delivered or mailed to each
          stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting a written
          notice stating the time and place of the meeting and the purpose
          or purposes for which the meeting is called.  Such notice shall
          be signed by the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman of the
          Board, the President, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary
          and shall be delivered or mailed postage prepaid to each
          stockholder at such stockholder's address as it appears on the
          stock books of the Corporation.  If any stockholder has failed to
          supply an address, notice shall be deemed to have been given if
          mailed to the address of the principal office of the Corporation,


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          or published at least once in a newspaper having general
          circulation in the county in which the principal office is
          located.

               1.4.2.  It shall not be necessary to give any notice of the
          adjournment of or the business to be transacted at an adjourned
          meeting other than by announcement at the meeting at which such
          adjournment is taken; provided that when a meeting is adjourned
          for 30 days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be
          given as in the case of an original meeting.

          Section 1.5.   Consent by Stockholders.

               Any action required or permitted to be taken by the
          stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at an annual or
          special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, and no action
          required to be taken or that may be taken at any annual or
          special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken
          without a meeting except by the unanimous written consent of all
          stockholders entitled to vote on such action, and the power of
          stockholders to consent in writing to the taking of any action by
          less than unanimous consent of all such stockholders is
          specifically denied.

          Section 1.6.   Quorum.

               1.6.1.  The presence in person or by proxy of the persons
          entitled to vote a majority of the voting stock at any meeting
          constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business.  Particular
          shares of stock shall not be counted in determining the number of
          shares of stock represented or required for a quorum or in any
          vote at a meeting, if voting of such shares at the meeting has
          been enjoined or for any reason such shares cannot be lawfully
          voted at the meeting.

               1.6.2.  The stockholders present at a duly called or held
          meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business
          until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough
          stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

               1.6.3.  In the absence of a quorum, the holders of a
          majority of the shares of stock present in person or by proxy and
          entitled to vote may adjourn any meeting from time to time, but
          not for a period of more than 30 days at any one time, until a
          quorum shall attend.

          Section 1.7.   Voting Rights.

               1.7.1     Except as otherwise provided by law or by or
          pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation or any amendment
          thereto, every stockholder of record of the Corporation entitled
          to vote shall be entitled at each meeting of the stockholders to
          one vote for each share of stock standing in such stockholder's
          name on the books of the Corporation.  Except as otherwise
          provided by law or by the Articles of Incorporation or any
          amendment thereto, or by these By-Laws, if a quorum is present,
          the vote of the holders of a majority of votes cast on a
          particular matter shall be binding upon all stockholders of the
          Corporation.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               1.7.2.  The Board of Directors may designate a day not more
          than 60 days prior to any meeting of the stockholders as the day
          as of which stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at
          such meeting shall be determined.

          Section 1.8.   Proxies.

               Every stockholder entitled to vote or to execute consents
          may do so either in person or by written proxy executed in
          accordance with the provisions of the Private Corporation Law of
          the State of Nevada and filed with the Secretary of the
          Corporation.

          Section 1.9.   Manner of Conducting Meetings.

               To the extent not in conflict with the provisions of law
          relating thereto, the Articles of Incorporation or any amendment
          thereto, or these By-Laws, meetings shall be conducted pursuant
          to such rules as may be adopted by the chairman presiding at, or
          the holders of a majority of the shares of stock represented at,
          the meeting.

          Section 1.10.  Business Brought Before Meetings.

               At any annual meeting of stockholders, only such business
          shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting
          (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by
          any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote with
          respect thereto and who complies with the notice procedures set
          forth in this Section 1.10.  For business to be properly brought
          before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must
          have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of
          the Corporation.  To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be
          delivered or mailed by first class United States mail, postage
          pre-paid, to the Secretary of the Corporation not less than 90
          days in advance of the annual meeting.  A stockholder's notice to
          the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter such stockholder
          proposes to bring before the annual meeting (i) a brief
          description of the business desired to be brought before the
          annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at
          the annual meeting, (ii) the name and address, as they appear on
          the books of the Corporation, of the stockholder of the
          Corporation proposing such business, (iii) the class and number
          of shares of the capital stock of the Corporation that are
          beneficially owned by such stockholder and (iv) any material
          interest of such stockholder in such business.  Notwithstanding
          anything in these By-Laws to the contrary, no business shall be
          brought before or conducted at an annual meeting except in
          accordance with the foregoing procedures.  The officer of the
          Corporation or other person presiding over the annual meeting
          shall, if the facts so warrant, determine and declare to the
          meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting
          in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.10 and, if
          such person should so determine, such person shall so declare to
          the meeting and any such business so determined to be not
          properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
          Except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws, at any special 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be
          conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting by or at
          the direction of the Board of Directors.

          Section 1.11.       Notice of Nominations.

               Nominations for the election of directors may be made by the
          Board of Directors or by any stockholder entitled to vote for the
          election of directors.  A notice of the intent of a stockholder
          to make any such nomination shall be made in writing, delivered
          or mailed by first class United States mail, postage prepaid, to
          the Secretary of the Corporation not less than 90 days in advance
          of the annual meeting or, in the event of a special meeting of
          stockholders for the election of directors, such notice shall be
          delivered or mailed to the Secretary of the Corporation not later
          than the close of business on the seventh day following the day
          on which notice of the meeting is first mailed to stockholders. 
          Every such notice by a stockholder shall set forth (i) the name
          and address, as they appear on the books of the Corporation, of
          the stockholder of the Corporation who intends to make the
          nomination, (ii) the class and number of shares of the capital
          stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned by such
          stockholder and a representation that the stockholder intends to
          appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the
          person or persons specified in the notice, (iii) a description of
          all arrangements or understandings among the stockholder and each
          nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or
          persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to
          be made by the stockholder, (iv) such other information regarding
          each nominee proposed by such stockholder as would have been
          required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to
          the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission had
          each nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, by the
          Board of Directors, and (v) the consent of each nominee to serve
          as director of the Corporation if so elected.  Any nomination not
          made in accordance with the foregoing procedure shall be
          disregarded.

                                      ARTICLE II

                                DIRECTORS - MANAGEMENT

          Section 2.1.   Powers.

               Subject to any limitation contained in the laws of the State
          of Nevada, the Articles of Incorporation or any amendment
          thereto, or these By-Laws, or as to action to be authorized or
          approved by the stockholders, all corporate powers shall be
          exercised by or under authority of, and the business and affairs
          of this Corporation shall be controlled by, the Board of
          Directors.

          Section 2.2.   Number and Qualification. 

               The number of directors which shall constitute the whole
          Board of Directors shall be not less than three nor more than 21,
          except in the case of any increase in the number of directors by 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          reason of any provision entitling the holders of any one or more
          series or class of preferred stock of the Corporation, voting as
          a class, to elect additional directors in specified
          circumstances.  The number of directors shall be fixed from time
          to time exclusively by the Board of Directors pursuant to a
          resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of
          authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in
          previously authorized directorships at the time any such
          resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption). 
          All directors shall be at least 18 years of age and at least a
          majority of them shall be citizens of the United States.

          Section 2.3.   Classes of Directors and Term of Office.

               2.3.1.  The directors (exclusive of directors who may be
          elected by the holders of one or more classes or series of
          preferred stock) shall be divided into three classes, as nearly
          equal in number as possible.  Except as provided in Article FIFTH
          of the Articles of Incorporation fixing the terms for the initial
          classified board, each class of directors shall be elected for a
          term of three years.  In the event of vacancy, either by death,
          resignation, or removal of a director, or by reason of an
          increase in the number of directors, each replacement or new
          director shall serve for the balance of the term of the class of
          the director he or she succeeds or, in the event of an increase
          in the number of directors, of the class to which he or she is
          assigned.  All directors elected for a term shall continue in
          office until the election and qualification of their respective
          successors, their death, their resignation in accordance with
          Section 2.6, their removal in accordance with Section 2.5, or if
          there has been a reduction in the number of directors and no
          successor is to be elected, until the end of the term.

               2.3.2.  Directors elected by holders of preferred stock of
          the Corporation voting as a class shall not be members of any of
          the foregoing classes and shall hold office until the next annual
          meeting of stockholders unless the terms of the series or class
          of preferred stock of the Corporation provides otherwise.

          Section 2.4.   Election of Directors.

               2.4.1.  At each annual meeting of stockholders, the class of
          directors to be elected at the meeting shall be chosen by a
          plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to
          vote in the election at the meeting, provided a quorum is
          present.  The election of directors by the stockholders shall be
          by written ballot if directed by the chairman of the meeting or
          if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be
          elected.

               2.4.2.  Any vacancy on the Board of Directors shall be
          filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
          directors, or a sole remaining director, though less than a
          quorum.

               2.4.3.  If the holders of Preferred Stock voting as a class
          are entitled to elect directors, those directors shall be elected


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares of
          preferred stock of the Corporation entitled to vote voting
          separately as a class.

          Section 2.5.   Removal of Directors.

               Any director, other than a director elected by holders of
          preferred stock of the Corporation voting as a class, may be
          removed from office at any time but only upon the affirmative
          vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power of
          all of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the
          Corporation, voting together as a single class.

          Section 2.6.   Resignations

               Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time
          either by oral tender of resignation at any meeting of the Board
          of Directors or by giving written notice thereof to the Chairman
          of the Board, the Vice Chairman of the Board, the President or
          the Secretary of the Corporation.  Such resignation shall take
          effect at the time it specifies, and the acceptance of such
          resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

          Section 2.7.   Place of Meetings.

               Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at the
          principal office of the Corporation or at such other place within
          or without the State of Nevada as may be designated for that
          purpose by the Board of Directors.

          Section 2.8.   Meetings After Annual Stockholders' Meeting.

               The first meeting of the Board of Directors held after the
          annual stockholders' meeting shall be held at such time and place
          within or without the State of Nevada as shall be fixed by
          announcement of the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman of
          the Board or the President of the Corporation given at the annual
          stockholders' meeting, and no other notice of such meeting shall
          be necessary, provided a majority of the whole Board shall be
          present.  Alternatively, such meeting may be held at such time
          and place as shall be fixed pursuant to notice given under other
          provisions of these By-Laws.

          Section 2.9.   Other Regular Meetings.

               2.9.1.  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be
          held at such time and place within or without the State of Nevada
          as may be agreed upon from time to time by the Board.

               2.9.2.  No notice need be given of regular meetings, except
          that a written notice shall be given to each director of the
          resolution establishing specific meeting dates or regular
          meetings dates, which notice shall set forth the day of the
          month, the time, and the place of the meetings.





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 2.10.  Special Meetings

               Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held
          whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman
          of the Board or the President of the Corporation or any two other
          directors, except that when the Board of Directors consists of
          one director, then the one director may call a special meeting. 
          Notice of any such meeting shall be mailed to each director not
          later than three days before the day on which the meeting is to
          be held, or shall be sent to him or her by telegraph, or
          delivered personally or by telephone, not later than midnight of
          the day before the day of the meeting.  Any meeting of the Board
          of Directors shall be a legal meeting, without any notice thereof
          having been given, if each director consents to the holding
          thereof or waives notice in the manner specified in Section 2.11. 
          Except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws or as may be
          indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be
          transacted at any special meeting.

          Section 2.11.  Waiver of Notice.

               Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, notice of
          any meeting of directors shall not be required as to any director
          who shall waive notice in writing (including telex, facsimile
          telephonic transmission, telegram, cablegram or radiogram) before
          or after such meeting, which waiver shall be filed with the
          Secretary of the Corporation.  Attendance of a director at a
          meeting shall be deemed equivalent to a written waiver of notice
          of such meeting if such director's oral consent is entered in the
          minutes or such director takes part in the deliberations thereat
          without objection.

          Section 2.12.  Notice of Adjournment.

               Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting
          need not be given to absent directors if the time and place is
          fixed at the meeting adjourned.

          Section 2.13.  Quorum.

               A majority of the number of directors as fixed by the
          Articles of Incorporation or any amendment thereto, or these By-
          Laws, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the
          transaction of business, and the action of a majority of the
          directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum, when
          duly assembled, is valid as a corporate act; provided, that a
          minority of the directors, in the absence of a quorum, may
          adjourn from time to time or fill vacant directorships in
          accordance with Section 2.4 but may not transact any other
          business.  When the Board of Directors consists of one or two
          directors, then the one or two directors, respectively, shall
          constitute a quorum.

          Section 2.14.  Action by Unanimous Written Consent.

               Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting
          of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          members of the Board shall individually or collectively consent
          in writing thereto.  Such written consent shall be filed with the
          minutes of the proceedings of the Board and shall have the same
          force and effect as a unanimous vote of such directors.

          Section 2.15.  Compensation.

               The directors may be paid their expenses of attendance at
          each meeting of the Board of Directors.  Additionally, the Board
          of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion, pay to
          directors either or both a fixed sum for attendance at each
          meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for services
          as a director.  No such payment shall preclude any director from
          serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving
          compensation therefor.  Members of special or standing committees
          may be allowed like reimbursement and compensation for attending
          committee meetings.

          Section 2.16.  Transactions Involving Interests of Directors.

               In the absence of fraud, no contract or other transaction of
          the Corporation shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that
          any of the directors of the Corporation are in any way interested
          in, or connected with, any other party to, such contract or
          transaction, provided that such transaction satisfies the
          applicable provisions of the Private Corporation Law of the State
          of Nevada; and each and every person who may become a director of
          the Corporation is hereby relieved, to the extent permitted by
          law, from any liability that might otherwise exist from
          contracting in good faith with the Corporation for the benefit of
          himself or herself or any person in which he or she may be in any
          way interested or with which he or she may be in any way
          connected.  Any director of the Corporation may vote and act upon
          any matter, contract or transaction between the Corporation and
          any other person without regard to the fact that he or she is
          also a stockholder, director or officer of, or has any interest
          in, such other person.

                                     ARTICLE III

                                       OFFICERS

          Section 3.1.   Executive Officers.

               The executive officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief
          Executive Officer (who may be the Chairman of the Board, the Vice
          Chairman of the Board or the President), a Deputy Chief Executive
          Officer (who may be the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman
          of the Board or the President), a President, one or more
          Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Senior Vice Presidents, a
          Secretary and a Treasurer.  Any person may hold two or more
          offices.  The executive officers of the Corporation shall be
          elected annually by the Board of Directors and shall hold office
          for one year or until their respective successors shall be
          elected and shall qualify.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 3.2.   Appointed Officers:  Titles.

               3.2.1.  The Chief Executive Officer or a person designated
          by such officer, or the Secretary in the case of Assistant
          Secretaries or the Treasurer in the case of Assistant Treasurers,
          may appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries or one or more
          Assistant Treasurers, each of whom shall hold such title at the
          pleasure of the appointing officer, have such authority and
          perform such duties as are provided in these By-Laws, or as the
          Chief Executive Officer or other appointing officer may determine
          from time to time.  Any person appointed under this Section 3.2.1
          to serve in any of the foregoing positions shall be deemed by
          reason of such appointment or service in such capacity to be an
          "officer" of the corporation.

               3.2.2.  The Chief Executive Officer or a person designated
          by such officer may also appoint one or more vice presidents and
          one or more assistant vice presidents for each corporate staff
          function and a corporate controller and one or more assistant
          controllers.  Each of such persons will hold such title at the
          pleasure of the Chief Executive Officer and have authority to act
          for and shall  perform duties with respect to only the staff
          function for which the person is appointed.  Any person appointed
          under this Section 3.2.2 to serve in any of the foregoing
          positions shall not be deemed by reason of such appointment or
          service in such capacity to be an "officer" of the Corporation.

          Section 3.3.   Removal and Resignation.

               3.3.1.  Any officer may be removed, either with or without
          cause, by a majority of the directors at the time in office, at
          any regular or special meeting of the Board.  Any appointed
          person may be removed from such position at any time by the
          person making such appointment or such person's successor.

               3.3.2.  Any officer may resign at any time, by giving
          written notice to the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
          Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, the President or the
          Secretary of the Corporation.  Any such resignation shall take
          effect at the date of the receipt of such notice, or at any later
          time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein,
          the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make
          it effective.

          Section 3.4.   Vacancies.

               A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation,
          removal, disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in
          the manner prescribed in these By-Laws for regular appointments
          to such office.

          Section 3.5.   Chairman of the Board and Vice Chairman of the 
                         Board.

               The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of
          the Board of Directors and shall exercise and perform such other
          powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him or 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          her by the Board of Directors or these By-Laws.  The Vice
          Chairman of the Board shall, in the absence of the Chairman,
          preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and shall
          exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from
          time to time assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or
          these By-Laws.

          Section 3.6.   Chief Executive Officer.

               The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of
          the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction, and
          control of the business and affairs of the Corporation.  The
          Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the
          stockholders and, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board and
          the Vice Chairman of the Board, at all meetings of the Board of
          Directors.  The Chief Executive Officer shall be ex officio a
          member of the Executive Committee and shall have the general
          powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of
          chief executive officer of a corporation and such other powers
          and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or
          these By-Laws.

          Section 3.7.   Deputy Chief Executive Officer.

               In the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer,
          the Deputy Chief Executive Officer shall perform all of the
          duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so acting shall
          have all the powers and be subject to all the restrictions upon
          the Chief Executive Officer, including the power to sign all
          instruments and to take all actions which the Chief Executive
          Officer is authorized to perform by the Board of Directors or
          these By-Laws.  The Deputy Chief Executive Officer shall have
          such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Chief
          Executive Officer or the Board of Directors or these By-Laws.

          Section 3.8.   President.

               In the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer
          and Deputy Chief Executive Officer, the President shall perform
          all of the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so
          acting shall have all the powers and be subject to all the
          restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer, including the
          power to sign all instruments and to take all actions which the
          Chief Executive Officer is authorized to perform by the Board of
          Directors or these By-Laws.  The President shall have the general
          powers and duties usually vested in the office of president of a
          corporation and such other powers and duties as may be prescribed
          by the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive
          Officer or the Board of Directors or these By-Laws.

          Section 3.9.   Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President
                         and Vice President.

               In the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer,
          the Deputy Chief Executive Officer and the President, an
          Executive Vice President or a Senior Vice President in the order
          of his or her rank and seniority shall perform all of the duties
          of the Chief Executive Officer, and when so acting shall have all

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the
          Chief Executive Officer, including the power to sign all
          instruments and to take all actions which the Chief Executive
          Officer is authorized to perform by the Board of Directors or
          these By-Laws.  The Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice
          Presidents and Vice Presidents shall have the general powers and
          duties usually vested in the office of a vice president of a
          corporation and each of them shall have such other powers and
          perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed
          for them respectively by the Board of Directors, the Executive
          Committee of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer
          or these By-Laws.

          Section 3.10.  Secretary and Assistant Secretaries.

               3.10.1.  The Secretary shall  (1) attend all meetings of the
          Board of Directors and all meetings of the stockholders; and  (2)
          record and keep, or cause to be kept, all votes and the minutes
          of all proceedings in a book or books to be kept for that purpose
          at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other
          place as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine,
          specifying therein (i) the time and place of holding, (ii)
          whether regular or special, and if special, how authorized, (iii)
          the notice thereof given, (iv) the names of those present at
          directors' meetings, (v) the number of shares of stock the
          holders of which are present or represented at stockholders'
          meetings, and (vi) the proceedings thereof; and  (3) perform like
          duties for the Executive and other standing committees, when
          required.  In addition, the Secretary shall keep or cause to be
          kept, at the principal office of the Corporation in the State of
          Nevada, those documents required to be kept thereat by Section
          5.2 of these By-Laws and the applicable provisions of the Private
          Corporation Law of the State of Nevada.

               3.10.2.  The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given,
          notice of meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of
          the Board of Directors, and shall have such other powers and
          perform such other duties as may be prescribed by these By-Laws
          or by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, the
          Deputy Chief Executive Officer or the President, under whose
          supervision he or she shall be.  The Secretary shall keep in safe
          custody the seal of the Corporation and affix the same to any
          instrument requiring it, and when so affixed, it shall be
          attested by his or her signature or by the signature of the
          Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary.  The Secretary is hereby
          authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may
          be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of this
          Corporation or to action duly taken by the Board of Directors or
          any committee thereof or the stockholders.

               3.10.3.  The Assistant Secretaries, in the order of their
          seniority, shall in the absence or disability of the Secretary,
          perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary, and
          shall perform such other duties as the Chief Executive Officer,
          the Deputy Chief Executive Officer or the President or the
          Secretary shall prescribe.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 3.11.  Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers.

               3.11.1.  The Treasurer shall deposit all moneys and other
          valuables in the name, and to the credit, of the Corporation,
          with such depositories as may be ordered by the Board of
          Directors.  The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the
          Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall
          render to the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive
          Officer or the President or directors, whenever they request it,
          and an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer, and
          of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have
          such other powers and perform such other duties as may be
          prescribed by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors or the
          Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer or
          the President, under whose supervision he or she shall be.

               3.11.2.  The Assistant Treasurers, in the order of their
          seniority, shall in the absence or disability of the Treasurer,
          perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer, and
          shall perform such other duties as the Chief Executive Officer,
          the Deputy Chief Executive Officer or the President or the
          Treasurer shall prescribe.

          Section 3.12.  Additional Powers, Seniority and Substitution of
                         Officers.

               In addition to the foregoing powers and duties specifically
          prescribed for the respective officers, the Board of Directors
          may from time to time by resolution (i) impose or confer upon any
          of the officers such additional duties and powers as the Board of
          Directors may see fit, (ii) determine the order of seniority
          among the officers, and/or (iii) except as otherwise provided
          above, provide that in the absence of any officer or officers,
          any other officer or officers shall substitute for and assume the
          duties, powers and authority of the absent officer or officers. 
          Any such resolution may be final, subject only to further action
          by the Board of Directors, or the resolution may grant such
          discretion, as the Board of Directors deems appropriate, to the
          Chief Executive Officer (or in his or her absence the executive
          officer serving in his or her place) to impose or confer
          additional duties and powers, to determine the order of seniority
          among officers, and/or provide for substitution of officers as
          above described.

          Section 3.13.  Compensation.

               The officers of the Corporation shall receive such
          compensation as shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of
          Directors.  No officer shall be prohibited from receiving such
          salary by reason of the fact that such officer is also a director
          of the Corporation.

          Section 3.14.  Transaction Involving Interest of Officer.

               In the absence of fraud, no contract or other transaction of
          the Corporation shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that
          any of the officers of the Corporation are in any way interested
          in, or connected with, any other party to such contract or 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          transaction, or are themselves parties to such contract or
          transaction, provided that such transaction complies with the
          applicable provisions of the Private Corporation Law of the State
          of Nevada; and each and every person who is or may become an
          officer of the Corporation is hereby relieved, to the extent
          permitted by law, when acting in good faith, from any liability
          that might otherwise exist from contracting with the Corporation
          for the benefit of such officer or any person in which he or she
          may be in any way interested or with which he or she may be in
          any way connected.

                                      ARTICLE IV

                            EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMITTEES

          Section 4.1.   Standing.

               The Board of Directors shall appoint an Executive Committee,
          an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee, consisting of
          such number of its members as it may designate, consistent with
          the laws of the State of Nevada, the Articles of Incorporation or
          any amendment thereto, or these By-Laws, including, if deemed
          desirable, alternate members who, in the order specified by the
          Board of Directors, may replace any absent or disqualified member
          at any meeting of the Committee.

               4.1.1.  The Executive Committee shall have and may exercise,
          when the Board is not in session, all of the powers of the Board
          of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the
          Corporation, but the Executive Committee shall not have the power
          to fill vacancies on the Board, or to change the membership of or
          to fill vacancies in the Executive Committee or any other
          Committee of the Board, or to adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws,
          or to declare dividends.

               4.1.2.  The Audit Committee shall select and engage on
          behalf of the Corporation, and fix the compensation of, a firm of
          certified public accountants whose duty it shall be to audit the
          books and accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries for
          the fiscal year in which they are appointed, and who shall report
          to such Committee.  The Audit Committee shall confer with the
          auditors and shall determine, and from time to time shall report
          to the Board of Directors upon, the scope of the auditing of the
          books and accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.  The
          Audit Committee shall also be responsible for determining that
          the business practices and conduct of employees and other
          representatives of the Corporation and its subsidiaries comply
          with the policies and procedures of the Corporation.  A majority
          of the members of the Audit Committee shall not be officers or
          employees of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

               4.1.3.1.  The Compensation Committee shall establish a
          general compensation policy for the Corporation and shall have
          responsibility for the approval of increases in directors' fees
          and in salaries paid to officers and senior employees earning in
          excess of an annual salary to be determined by the Committee.  
          The Compensation Committee also shall evaluate and make
          recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to the 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          adoption, substantive modification to or termination of any
          benefit plan of this Corporation, and with respect to employee
          benefit plans of the Corporation shall have such additional
          responsibilities as are described in Section 4.1.3.2 hereof. 
          None of the members of the Compensation Committee shall be
          officers or employees of the Corporation or any of its
          subsidiaries.

               4.1.3.2.  To assist the Corporation in fulfilling its
          business goals the Board of Directors may from time to time
          establish or adopt those benefit plans, which it shall designate
          as constituting a Level 1 plan (which designation generally shall
          connote a compensatory plan in which participation is designed
          solely for directors or senior management employees, or involves
          stock of this Corporation, or is an incentive compensation plan
          that includes senior management) or as constituting a Level 2
          plan (which designation generally shall connote a compensatory
          plan which is a savings plan or a corporate-wide capital
          accumulation plan in which participation is broader than senior
          management employees).  The Board of Directors may modify or
          terminate any such plan; provided, however, the Compensation
          Committee is authorized to take action to adopt non-substantive
          amendments to any Level 1 or Level 2 plan as it deems necessary
          or appropriate, unless such plan involves the issuance of capital
          stock of the Corporation.  The Chief Executive Officer, or his
          designee, may take any and all actions to establish or adopt any
          Level 3 plan (which would include medical plans, dental plans,
          insurance plans, welfare plans and other benefit plans and any
          other plan which is not a Level 1 or Level 2 plan) which he deems
          necessary or convenient to the management of the Corporation, or
          to modify or terminate such Level 3 plan, so long as such action
          is not primarily for the benefit of directors or senior
          management employees of the Corporation, either individually or
          collectively.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Compensation Committee shall
          be responsible for the control and management of the operation
          and administration (which shall exclude ministerial activities)
          of the benefit plans of the Corporation, subject to the
          limitations of this Section.  The Compensation Committee shall be
          responsible for the control and management of the operation and
          administration (which shall exclude ministerial activities) of
          those plans designated by the Board of Directors as Level 1
          plans.  The Compensation Committee's responsibilities with
          respect to the control and management of the operation and
          administration  (which shall exclude ministerial activities) of
          those plans designated by the Board of Directors as Level 2
          plans, shall be limited to the appointment of members of any
          committee as may be constituted as under such plans, and such
          periodic oversight as the Compensation Committee deems prudent
          under the circumstances then prevailing in order to evaluate the
          prudence of the continued appointment of such members.  The
          Compensation Committee shall have no responsibility with respect
          to the control and management of the operation and administration
          of any Level 3 plan.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 4.2.   Other Committees.

               Subject to any limitations in the laws of the State of
          Nevada, the Articles of Incorporation or any amendment thereto,
          or these By-Laws as to action to be authorized or approved by the
          stockholders, or duties not delegable by the Board of Directors,
          any or all of the corporate powers may be exercised by or under
          authority of, and the business and affairs of this Corporation
          may be controlled by, such other committee or committees as may
          be appointed by the Board of Directors.  The powers to be
          exercised by any such committee shall be designated by the Board
          of Directors.

          Section 4.3.   Procedures.

               Subject to any limitations in the laws of the State of
          Nevada, the Articles of Incorporation or any amendment thereto,
          or these By-Laws regarding the conduct of business by the Board
          of Directors and its appointed committees, any committee created
          under this Article may use any procedures for conducting its
          business and exercising its powers, including but not limited to
          actions by the unanimous written consent of its members in the
          manner set forth in Section 2.14.  A majority shall constitute a
          quorum unless the Committee consists of one or two directors,
          then the one or two directors, respectively, shall constitute a
          quorum.  Notices of meetings may be in any reasonable manner and
          may be waived as for meetings of directors.


                                      ARTICLE V

                      CORPORATE RECORDS AND REPORTS - INSPECTION

          Section 5.1.   Records.

               The Corporation shall maintain adequate and correct
          accounts, books and records of its business and properties.  All
          of such books, records and accounts shall be kept at its
          principal place of business in the State of Washington as fixed
          by the Board of Directors from time to time.

          Section 5.2.   Articles, By-Laws and Stock Ledger.

               The Corporation shall maintain and keep the following
          documents at its principal place of business in the State of
          Nevada:  (i) a certified copy of the Articles of Incorporation
          and all amendments thereto;  (ii) a certified copy of the By-Laws
          and all amendments thereto; and (iii) a statement setting forth
          the following:  "The Secretary of the Corporation, whose address
          is 1148 Broadway Plaza, Tacoma, Washington 98401-2264, is the
          custodian of the duplicate stock ledger of the Corporation."


          Section 5.3.   Inspection.

               Any person who has been a stockholder of record for at least
          six months immediately preceding such stockholder's demand, or 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          any person holding, or thereunto authorized in writing by the
          holders of, at least five percent of all of the Corporation's
          outstanding stock, upon at least five days' written demand, or
          any judgment creditor without prior demand, shall have the right
          to inspect in person or by agent or attorney, during usual
          business hours, the duplicate stock ledger of the Corporation and
          to make extracts therefrom; provided, however, that such
          inspection may be denied to any stockholder or other person upon
          his or her refusal to furnish to the Corporation an affidavit
          that such inspection is not desired for a purpose which is in the
          interest of a business or object other than the business of the
          Corporation and that he or she has not at any time sold or
          offered for sale any list of stockholders of any corporation or
          aided or abetted any person in procuring any such record of
          stockholders for any such purpose.

          Section 5.4.   Checks, Drafts, Etc.

               All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money,
          notes or other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of,
          or payable to, the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by
          such person or persons, and in such manner as shall be determined
          from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors.

                                      ARTICLE VI

                                 OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS

          Section 6.1.   Execution of Contracts.

               The Board of Directors, except as these By-Laws otherwise
          provide, may authorize any officer or officers or agent or agents
          to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name
          of and on behalf of the Corporation.  Such authority may be
          general, or confined to specific instances.  Unless so authorized
          by the Board of Directors, no officer, agent or employee shall
          have any power or authority, except in the ordinary course of
          business, to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement
          or to pledge its credit, or to render it liable for any purpose
          or in any amount.

          Section 6.2.   Representation of Other Corporations.

               All stock of any other corporation, standing in the name of
          the Corporation, shall be voted, represented, and all rights
          incidental thereto exercised as directed by written consent or
          resolution of the Board of Directors expressly referring thereto. 
          In general, such rights shall be delegated by the Board of
          Directors under express instructions from time to time as to each
          exercise thereof to the Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief
          Executive Officer, the President, any Executive Vice President,
          any Senior Vice President, any Vice President, the Treasurer or
          the Secretary of this Corporation, or any other person expressly
          appointed by the Board of Directors.  Such authority may be
          exercised by the designated officers in person, or by any other
          person authorized so to do by proxy, or power of attorney, duly
          executed by such officers.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 6.3.   Dividends.

               The Board of Directors may from time to time declare, and
          the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding stock in
          the manner and on the terms and conditions provided by the laws
          of the State of Nevada, and the Articles of Incorporation or any
          amendment thereto, subject to any contractual restrictions to
          which the Corporation is then subject.

                                     ARTICLE VII

                          CERTIFICATES FOR TRANSFER OF STOCK

          Section 7.1.   Certificates for Stock.

               7.1.1.  Certificates for stock shall be of such form and
          device as the Board of Directors may designate and shall be
          numbered and registered as they are issued.  Each shall state the
          name of the record holder of the stock represented thereby; its
          number and date of issuance; the number of shares of stock for
          which it is issued; the par value; a statement of the rights,
          privileges, preferences and restrictions, if any; a statement as
          to rights of redemption or conversion, if any; and a statement of
          liens or restrictions upon transfer or voting, if any, or,
          alternatively, a statement that certificates specifying such
          matters may be obtained from the Secretary of the Corporation.

               7.1.2.  Every certificate for stock must be signed by the
          Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer or
          the President and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or
          must be authenticated by facsimile signatures of the Chief
          Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer or the
          President and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.  Before it
          becomes effective, every certificate for stock authenticated by a
          facsimile or a signature must be countersigned by a transfer
          agent or transfer clerk, and must be registered by an
          incorporated bank or trust company, either domestic or foreign,
          as registrar of transfers.

               7.1.3.  Even though an officer who signed, or whose
          facsimile signature has been written, printed or stamped on a
          certificate for stock ceases, by death, resignation or otherwise,
          to be an officer of the Corporation before the certificate is
          delivered by the Corporation, the certificate shall be as valid
          as though signed by a duly elected, qualified and authorized
          officer, if it is countersigned by the signature or facsimile
          signature of a transfer agent or transfer clerk and registered by
          an incorporated bank or trust company, as registrar of transfers.

               7.1.4.  Even though a person whose signature as, or on
          behalf of, the transfer agent or transfer clerk has been written,
          printed or stamped on a certificate for stock ceases, by death,
          resignation or otherwise, to be a person authorized to so sign
          such certificate before the certificate is delivered by the
          Corporation, the certificate shall be deemed countersigned by the
          signature of a transfer agent or transfer clerk for purposes of
          meeting the requirements of this section.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 7.2.   Transfer on the Books.

               Upon surrender to the Secretary of the Corporation or
          transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for stock duly
          endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession,
          assignment or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the
          Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled
          thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction
          upon its books.

          Section 7.3.   Lost or Destroyed Certificates.

               The Board of Directors may direct, or may authorize the
          Secretary of the Corporation to direct, a new certificate or
          certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or
          certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to
          have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of
          that fact by the person claiming the certificate for stock so
          lost or destroyed.  When authorizing such issue of a new
          certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors or Secretary
          may in its or his or her discretion, and as a condition precedent
          to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost or
          destroyed certificate or certificates, or his or her legal
          representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall
          require and/or give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may
          direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against
          the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have
          been lost or destroyed.

          Section 7.4.   Transfer Agents and Registrars.

               The Board of Directors may appoint one or more transfer
          agents or transfer clerks, and one or more registrars, who may be
          the same person, and may be the Secretary of the Corporation, or
          an incorporated bank or trust company, either domestic or
          foreign, who shall be appointed at such times and places as the
          requirements of the Corporation may necessitate and the Board of
          Directors may designate.

          Section 7.5.   Fixing Record Date for Dividends, Etc.

               The Board of Directors may fix a time, not exceeding 60 days
          preceding the date fixed for the payment of any dividend or
          distribution, or for the allotment of rights, or when any change
          or conversion or exchange of stock shall go into effect, as a
          record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to
          receive any such dividend or distribution, or any such allotment
          of rights, or to exercise the rights with respect to any such
          change, conversion, or exchange of stock, and, in such case, only
          stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to
          receive such dividend, distribution or allotment of rights, or to
          exercise such rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any
          transfer of any shares of stock on the books of the Corporation
          after any record date fixed as aforesaid.





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 7.6.   Record Ownership.

               The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive
          right of a person registered as such on the books of the
          Corporation as the owner of shares of the Corporation's stock to
          receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be
          bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in
          such shares on the part of any other person, whether or not the
          Corporation shall have express or other notice thereof, except as
          otherwise provided by law.

                                     ARTICLE VIII

                                AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

          Section 8.1.   By Stockholders.

               Except as otherwise required by the provisions of the
          Articles of Incorporation or any amendments thereto and subject
          to the right of the Board of Directors to adopt, amend or repeal
          by-laws as provided in Section 8.2, new or restated by-laws may
          be adopted, or these By-Laws may be repealed or amended, at the
          annual stockholders' meeting or at any other meeting of the
          stockholders called for that purpose, by a vote of stockholders
          entitled to exercise a majority of the voting power of the
          Corporation.

          Section 8.2.   By Directors.

               Except as otherwise required by the provisions of the
          Articles of Incorporation and subject to the right of the
          stockholders to adopt, amend, or repeal by-laws as provided in
          Section 8.1, the Board of Directors may adopt, amend, or repeal
          any of these By-Laws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
          directors present at any organizational, regular or special
          meeting of the Board of Directors.  This power may not be
          delegated to any committee appointed in accordance with these By-
          Laws.

          Section 8.3.   Record of Amendments.

               Whenever an amendment or a new By-Law is adopted, it shall
          be copied in the book of minutes with the original By-Laws, in
          the appropriate place.  If any By-Law is repealed, the fact of
          repeal, with the date of the meeting at which the repeal was
          enacted, or written assent was filed, shall be stated in said
          book.

                                      ARTICLE IX

                      INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

          Section 9.1.   Indemnification for Expenses in Proceedings.

               Each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
          made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding,
          whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that such
          person, or a person of whom such person is the legal
          representative, is or was a director or officer of the
          Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the
          Corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent
          of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust
          or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee
          benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged
          action or inaction in an official capacity or in any other
          capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee,
          fiduciary or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
          Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of
          Nevada, as the same exist or may hereafter be amended, against
          all costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and losses (including
          attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, employee benefit plan excise
          taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement)
          reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection
          therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to a person
          who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or
          agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person's heirs,
          executors and administrators; provided, however, that except as
          provided in Section 9.2, the Corporation shall indemnify any such
          person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding
          (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such
          proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of
          Directors.  The right to indemnification conferred in this
          Article IX shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation
          the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance
          of its final disposition; provided, however, that, if so required
          by the Private Corporation Law of the State of Nevada, the
          payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in
          such person's capacity as a director or officer (and not in any
          other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person
          while a director or officer, including, without limitation,
          service to any employee benefit plan) in advance of the final
          disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to
          the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such
          director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall
          ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not
          entitled to be indemnified under this Section 9.1 or otherwise. 
          The Corporation may, by action of the Board, provide
          indemnification to employees and agents of the Corporation with
          the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of
          directors and officers.

          Section 9.2.   Right to Bring Suit for Unpaid Claims.

               If a claim under Section 9.1 is not paid in full by the
          Corporation within thirty days after a written claim has been
          received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time
          thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the
          unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in
          part, the Corporation shall also pay the expense of prosecuting
          such claim.  It shall be a defense to any such action (other than
          an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in
          defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition
          where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been
          tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has failed to meet

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          a standard of conduct which makes it permissible under Nevada law
          for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount
          claimed.  Neither the failure of the Corporation (including the
          Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its
          stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the
          commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant
          is permissible in the circumstances because he or she has met
          such standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the
          Corporation (including the Board of Directors, independent legal
          counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such
          standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a
          presumption that the claimant has failed to meet such standard of
          conduct.

          Section 9.3.   Advancement of Expenses.

               The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses
          incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final
          disposition conferred in this Article IX shall not be exclusive
          of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire
          under any provision of law, the Articles of Incorporation or any
          amendment thereto, or these By-Laws, or of any agreement or vote
          of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.

          Section 9.4.   Indemnification Insurance.

               The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to
          protect itself and any director, officer, employee, fiduciary or
          agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership,
          joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such
          expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would
          have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
          liability or loss under Nevada law.

          Section 9.5.   Indemnification Expenses of Witnesses.

               To the extent that any director, officer, employee,
          fiduciary or agent of the Corporation is by reason of such
          position, or a position with another entity at the request of the
          Corporation, a witness in any action, suit or proceeding, the
          Corporation shall indemnify such person against all costs and
          expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person or on
          such person's behalf in connection therewith.

          Section 9.6.   Indemnification Agreements.

               The Corporation may enter into agreements with any director,
          officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation
          providing for indemnification to the full extent permitted by
          Nevada law.

          Section 9.7.   Severability.

               If any provision of this Article IX shall for any reason be
          determined to be invalid, the remaining provisions hereof shall
          not be affected thereby but shall remain in full force and
          effect.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 9.8.   Federal Election Campaign Act.

               The rights provided by this Article IX shall be applicable
          to the officers (including without limitation the Chief Executive
          Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, the President, the
          Treasurer and any Assistant Treasurer) appointed from time to
          time by the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer of the
          Corporation or the designee of either of them to serve in the
          administration and management of any separate, segregated fund
          established for purposes of collecting and distributing voluntary
          employee political contributions to federal election campaigns
          pursuant to the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, as
          amended.

                                      ARTICLE X

                                    CORPORATE SEAL

               The Corporate Seal shall be circular in form and shall have
          inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, and the date of
          its incorporation, and the word "Nevada".

                                      ARTICLE XI

                                    INTERPRETATION

               Reference in these By-Laws to any provision of the Private
          Corporation Law of the State of Nevada shall be deemed to include
          all amendments thereto and the effect of the construction and
          determination of validity thereof by the Nevada Supreme Court.





























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.14
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 4.14

                AGREEMENT CONCERNING PURCHASE BY NME PROPERTIES CORP.
               AND CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK OF
                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



               This Agreement is made and dated as of September 1, 1993,
          among National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation
          ("NME"), NME Properties Corp., a Tennessee corporation ("NMEP
          Corp."), NME Properties, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("NMEP
          Inc."), NME Properties West, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("NMEP
          West"), The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation
          ("Hillhaven") and First Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware
          corporation ("First Healthcare").  NMEP Corp., NMEP Inc. and NMEP
          West are sometimes herein referred to collectively as the "NMEP
          Entities."

                                       RECITALS

               A.   As part of the January, 1990 spinoff by NME to its
          shareholders of shares of Hillhaven, First Healthcare, a wholly-
          owned subsidiary of Hillhaven, delivered to NMEP Corp., a wholly-
          owned subsidiary of NME, a promissory note dated as of January
          31, 1990, in the original principal amount of $127,300,000.00,
          which amount subsequently was adjusted (as reflected in the
          addendum thereto) to reflect the actual adjusted principal amount
          of $135,859,396.00.  Such promissory note, as adjusted, and as
          amended by that certain First Amendment to Promissory Note, dated
          as of May 1, 1991, is referred to herein as the "FHC Promissory
          Note."  As of the Closing Date (as defined in Section 3 herein),
          the outstanding balance of the FHC Promissory Note, including
          unpaid accrued interest thereon is $49,072,836.93.

               B.   Pursuant to that certain Note Guarantee Agreement,
          dated as of January 31, 1990 (the "Note Guarantee Agreement"),
          Hillhaven has guarantied First Healthcare's obligations under the
          FHC Promissory Note.

               C.   Pursuant to that certain letter agreement dated May 31,
          1990, as amended by that certain Amendment No. One to Commitment
          Letter dated as of May 1, 1991, First Healthcare has borrowed
          from NMEP West the sum of $6,000,000.00, which loan is evidenced
          by a promissory note dated July 20, 1992, in favor of NMEP West,
          and is secured by a mortgage on the facility known as Clayton
          House (Facility No. 445) (the "Clayton House Note").  As of the
          Closing Date, the outstanding balance of the Clayton House Note,
          including unpaid accrued interest thereon, is $5,911,097.51.

               D.   In connection with First Healthcare's purchase of
          Greenbriar Terrace (Facility No. 592), NMEP Corp. provided a loan
          to First Healthcare in the original sum of $1,452,626.42,
          evidenced by promissory note and secured by a mortgage against
          the real property (the "Greenbriar Note").  As of the Closing
          Date, the outstanding balance of the Greenbriar Note, including
          unpaid accrued interest thereon, is $969,110.79.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               E.   In connection with First Healthcare's purchase of
          Birchwood Terrace (Facility No. 559), NMEP, Inc. provided a loan
          to First Healthcare in the original sum of $893,194.45, evidenced
          by a promissory note and secured by a mortgage against the real
          property (the "Birchwood Note").  As of the Closing Date, the
          outstanding balance of the Birchwood Note, including unpaid
          accrued interest thereon, is $647,522.06.

               F.   On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in
          this Agreement, NME Properties desires to purchase from
          Hillhaven, and Hillhaven desires to sell to the NMEP Entities,
          120,000 shares of Hillhaven's Series D Preferred Stock (the
          "Series D Preferred"), which Series D Preferred shall have the
          rights and preferences specified in that certain Certificate of
          Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series D Preferred Stock
          of Hillhaven (the "Certificate of Designation"), a copy of which
          is attached hereto as Exhibit A, for consideration of
          $120,000,000.00. 

               NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals
          and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          adequacy of which are hereby
          acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
          hereby agree as follows:

                                      AGREEMENT

               1.   Purchase of Series D Preferred.  The NMEP Entities
          hereby agrees to purchase from Hillhaven, and Hillhaven hereby
          agrees to sell to the NMEP Entities, on the Closing Date, 120,000
          shares of Series D Preferred for a purchase price of
          $120,000,000.00 (the "Purchase Price"), payable as provided in
          Section 3 below.

               2.   Representations and Warranties.

               (a) In order to induce the NMEP Entities and NME to enter
          into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
          contemplated hereby, Hillhaven hereby covenants, represents and
          warrants to the NMEP Entities and NME that:

                    (i)  Hillhaven is duly organized, validly existing and
          in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada.

                         (ii) Hillhaven has the corporate power, authority
          and legal right to make, deliver and perform its obligations
          under this Agreement and the Series D Preferred and has taken all
          corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and
          performance of this Agreement and the Series D Preferred.  No
          consent of any other person (including, without limitation,
          stockholders and creditors of Hillhaven), and no authorization
          of, notice to or other act by or in respect of Hillhaven by, any
          governmental authority, agency or instrumentality is required in
          connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or
          enforceability of this Agreement or the Series D Preferred.  This
          Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Hillhaven, each
          certificate evidencing shares of Series D Preferred has been duly
          executed and delivered by Hillhaven and each of this Agreement 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          and each share of Series D Preferred constitutes a legal, valid
          and binding obligation of Hillhaven enforceable against Hillhaven
          in accordance with its terms.

                    (iii)     The execution, delivery and performance by
          Hillhaven of this Agreement and the Series D Preferred will not
          violate any provision of any existing law or regulation
          applicable to Hillhaven or any of its significant subsidiaries or
          of any award, order or decree applicable to Hillhaven or any of
          its significant subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator or
          governmental authority, or of the Articles of Incorporation or
          Bylaws of Hillhaven, or of any security issued by Hillhaven or
          any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other
          agreement or undertaking to which Hillhaven is a party or by
          which Hillhaven or any of its properties or assets may be bound,
          and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of
          any lien on any of its or their respective properties or revenues
          pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture,
          contract, lease or other agreement.  Without limiting the
          generality of the foregoing, no material mortgage, indenture,
          lease, contract or other agreement or undertaking to which
          Hillhaven is a party or by which Hillhaven or any of its
          properties or assets may be bound prohibits or restricts
          Hillhaven from executing, delivering or performing its
          obligations hereunder or under the Series D Preferred or from
          declaring or paying the dividends contemplated by the Certificate
          of Designation, except for the Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement
          dated as of January 30, 1990 between NME and Hillhaven (as
          amended, the "Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement"), the provisions
          of which that so prohibit or restrict the payment or declaration
          of the dividends contemplated by the Certificate of Designation
          are being waived by NME pursuant to this Agreement.

                    (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or
          before any arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to
          the knowledge of Hillhaven, threatened by or against Hillhaven or
          any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their respective
          properties or revenues (a) with respect to this Agreement or the
          Series D Preferred or any of the transactions contemplated hereby
          or thereby, or (b) which, if adversely determined, would have a
          material adverse effect on Hillhaven's ability to perform its
          obligations under this Agreement or the Series D Preferred.

                      (v)     Neither Hillhaven nor any of its significant
          subsidiaries is in default in any material respect under or with
          respect to any material contract, agreement or other instrument
          to which it is a party or by which it or its assets is bound. 
          Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the
          business, operations, properties or financial condition of
          Hillhaven and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the ability
          of Hillhaven to perform its obligations under this Agreement and
          the Series D Preferred, Hillhaven is not in default under any
          order, award or decree of any court, arbitrator, or other
          governmental authority binding upon or affecting it or by which
          any of its assets is bound or affected.  Hillhaven is not subject
          to any order, award or decree which would materially adversely
          affect the ability of Hillhaven to perform its obligations under
          any other order, award or decree or under this Agreement or the
          Series D Preferred.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (vi) Hillhaven's guaranty referred to in Recital B
          above remains in full force and effect and continues to be a
          legal, valid and binding obligation of Hillhaven enforceable
          against Hillhaven in accordance with its terms.

                   (vii) The Series D Preferred has been duly authorized
          and issued by Hillhaven.  The holders of the Series D Preferred
          shall be entitled to all of the benefits of the Series D
          Preferred as described in the Certificate of Designation.  Upon
          Hillhaven's receipt of the Purchase Price and its issuance of the
          120,000 shares of Series D Preferred, such 120,000 shares of
          Series D Preferred will be fully paid and non-assessable and will
          not have been issued or delivered in violation of, or subject to,
          any preemptive rights or other rights of any person to subscribe
          for or purchase the Series D Preferred.

               (b) In order to induce the NMEP Entities and NME to enter
          into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
          contemplated hereby, First Healthcare hereby covenants,
          represents and warrants to each of the NMEP Entities and NME
          that:

                     (i) First Healthcare is duly organized, validly
          existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
          Delaware.

                    (ii) First Healthcare has the corporate power,
          authority and legal right to make, deliver and perform its
          obligations under this Agreement and has taken all corporate
          action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of
          this Agreement.  No consent of any other person (including,
          without limitation, stockholders and creditors of First
          Healthcare), and no authorization of, notice to or other act by
          or in respect of First Healthcare by, any governmental authority,
          agency or instrumentality is required in connection with the
          execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of
          this Agreement.  This Agreement has been duly executed and
          delivered by First Healthcare and this Agreement constitutes a
          legal, valid and binding obligation
          of First Healthcare enforceable against First Healthcare in
          accordance with its terms.

                   (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by First
          Healthcare of this Agreement will not violate any provision of
          any existing law or regulation applicable to First Healthcare or
          any of its significant subsidiaries or of any award, order or
          decree applicable to First Healthcare or any of its significant
          subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority,
          or of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of First
          Healthcare, or of any security issued by First Healthcare or any
          material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement
          or undertaking to which First Healthcare is a party or by which
          First Healthcare or any of its properties or assets may be bound,
          and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of
          any lien on any of its or their respective properties or revenues
          pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture,
          contract, lease or other agreement.  


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or
          before any arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to
          the knowledge of First Healthcare, threatened by or against First
          Healthcare or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their
          respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to this
          Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b)
          which, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse
          effect on First Healthcare's ability to perform its obligations
          under this Agreement.

                     (v) Neither First Healthcare nor any of its
          significant subsidiaries is in default in any material respect
          under or with respect to any material contract, agreement or
          other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or its
          assets is bound.  Except as would not have a material adverse
          effect on the business, operations, properties or financial
          condition of First Healthcare and its subsidiaries taken as a
          whole or on the ability of First Healthcare to perform its
          obligations under this Agreement, First Healthcare is not in
          default under any order, award or decree of any court,
          arbitrator, or other governmental authority binding upon or
          affecting it or by which any of its assets is bound or affected. 
          First Healthcare is not subject to any order, award or decree
          which would materially adversely affect the ability of First
          Healthcare to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

                    (vi) Each of the FHC Promissory Note, the Clayton House
          Note, the Greenbriar Note, and the Birchwood Note remains in full
          force and effect and continues to be a legal, valid and binding
          obligation of First Healthcare, enforceable against First
          Healthcare in accordance with its terms.  First Healthcare is
          current in the payment and performance of its obligations under,
          and has not assigned its interests in any of, the FHC Promissory
          Note, the Clayton House Note, the Greenbriar Note, and the
          Birchwood Note.

               (c) In order to induce Hillhaven and First Healthcare to
          enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
          contemplated hereby, NME hereby covenants, represents and
          warrants to Hillhaven and First Healthcare that:

                    (i)  NME is duly organized, validly existing and in
          good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada.

                    (ii) NME has the corporate power, authority and legal
          right to make, deliver and perform its obligations under this
          Agreement and has taken all corporate action to authorize the
          execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  No
          consent of any other person (including, without limitation,
          stockholders and creditors of NME), and no authorization of,
          notice to or other act by or in respect of NME by, any
          governmental authority, agency or instrumentality is required in
          connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or
          enforceability of this Agreement.  This Agreement has been duly
          executed and delivered by NME and this Agreement constitutes a
          legal, valid and binding obligation of NME enforceable against
          NME in accordance with its terms.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                   (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by NME of
          this Agreement will not violate any provision of any existing law
          or regulation applicable to NME or any of its significant
          subsidiaries or of any award, order or decree applicable to NME
          or any of its significant subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator
          or governmental authority, or of the Articles of Incorporation or
          Bylaws of NME, or of any security issued by NME or any material
          mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement or
          undertaking to which NME is a party or by which NME or any of its
          properties or assets may be bound, and will not result in, or
          require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its or
          their respective properties or revenues pursuant to the
          provisions of any such mortgage, indenture, contract, lease or
          other agreement.  

                    (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or
          before any arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to
          the knowledge of NME, threatened by or against NME or any of its
          subsidiaries or any of its or their respective properties or
          revenues (a) with respect to this Agreement or any of the
          transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) which, if adversely
          determined, would have a material adverse effect on NME's ability
          to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

                     (v) Neither NME nor any of its significant
          subsidiaries is in default in any material respect under or with
          respect to any material contract, agreement or other instrument
          to which it is a party or by which it or its assets is bound. 
          Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the
          business, operations, properties or financial condition of NME
          and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the ability of NME to
          perform its obligations under this Agreement, NME is not in
          default under any order, award or decree of any court,
          arbitrator, or other governmental authority binding upon or
          affecting it or by which any of its assets is bound or affected. 
          NME is not subject to any order, award or decree which would
          materially adversely affect the ability of NME to perform its
          obligations under this Agreement.

               (d) In order to induce Hillhaven and First Healthcare to
          enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
          contemplated hereby, each of NMEP Corp., NMEP Inc., and NMEP West
          hereby covenants, represents and warrants to Hillhaven and First
          Healthcare that:

                     (i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good
          standing under the laws of the state of incorporation of the
          corporation.

                    (ii) It has the corporate power, authority and legal
          right to make, deliver and perform its obligations under this
          Agreement and has taken all corporate action to authorize the
          execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  No
          consent of any other person (including, without limitation,
          stockholders and creditors of the corporation), and no
          authorization of, notice to or other act by or in respect of the
          corporation by, any governmental authority, agency or
          instrumentality is required in connection with the execution, 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this
          Agreement.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
          by the corporation and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid
          and binding obligation of the corporation enforceable against the
          corporation in accordance with its terms.

                   (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by the
          corporation of this Agreement will not violate any provision of
          any existing law or regulation applicable to the corporation or
          any of its significant subsidiaries or of any award, order or
          decree applicable to the corporation or any of its significant
          subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority,
          or of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation,
          or of any security issued by the corporation or any material
          mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement or
          undertaking to which the corporation is a party or by which the
          corporation or any of its properties or assets may be bound, and
          will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any
          lien on any of its or their respective properties or revenues
          pursuant to the provisions of any such mortgage, indenture,
          contract, lease or other agreement.

                    (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or
          before any arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to
          the knowledge of the corporation, threatened by or against the
          corporation or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their
          respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to this
          Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b)
          which, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse
          effect on its ability to perform its obligations under this
          Agreement.

                     (v) Neither the corporation nor any of its significant
          subsidiaries is in default in any material respect under or with
          respect to any material contract, agreement or other instrument
          to which it is a party or by which it or its assets is bound. 
          Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the
          business, operations, properties or financial condition of the
          corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the
          ability of the corporation to perform its obligations under this
          Agreement, the corporation is not in default under any order,
          award or decree of any court, arbitrator, or other governmental
          authority binding upon or affecting it or by which any of its
          assets is bound or affected.  The corporation is not subject to
          any order, award or decree which would materially adversely
          affect the ability of the corporation to perform its obligations
          under this Agreement.

                    (vi) Except to the extent that the promissory notes
          have been pledged and assigned to Swiss Bank Corporation pursuant
          to that certain unrecorded Pledge and Security Agreement and
          Master Assignment of Mortgages dated as of May 28, 1993 (the
          "Pledge Agreement"), the NME Entities have not assigned their
          interests in the promissory notes described in the above
          Recitals.  Upon release of the Pledge Agreement which shall occur
          upon Hillhaven's repayment of the THC Facilities Corp. loan
          evidenced by the Credit Agreement (as defined in the Pledge 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Agreement) on September 2, 1993, NMEP Corp. will be the holder of
          the FHC Promissory Note and the Greenbriar Note, NMEP West will
          be the holder of the Clayton House Note, and NMEP Inc. will be
          the holder of the Birchwood Note, free and clear of any liens or
          encumbrances.

                    (vii)     It is purchasing the Series D Preferred for
          investment purposes and not in connection with or with a view
          towards the distribution thereof.

               3.  The Closing.  On September 2, 1993 (the "Closing Date"),
          the parties hereto shall take the following actions:

               (a)  NMEP Corp. shall deposit with Escrow cash or
          immediately available funds in the amount of $63,399,432.71, and
          shall give written instructions to Escrow to transfer said funds
          to First Healthcare's account at PNC Bank.

               (b)  NMEP Corp. shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in
          the FHC Promissory Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum
          of $49,072,836.93;

               (c)  NMEP Corp. shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in
          the Greenbriar Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum of
          $969,110.79;

               (d)  NMEP West shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in the
          Clayton House Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum of
          $5,911,097.51;

               (e)  NMEP Inc. shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in the
          Birchwood Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum of
          $647,522.06;

               (f)  In consideration of (i) payment of the cash sum
          described in subparagraph (a) above, and (ii) the assignment to
          Hillhaven of the promissory notes described in subparagraphs (b),
          (c), (d) and (e) above, Hillhaven shall deliver to the NME
          Entities the following certificates representing a total of
          120,000 shares of Series D Preferred:

                    (i) Certificate representing 63,399 shares of Series D
                    Preferred in the name of NME Properties Corp.;

                    (ii) Certificate representing 50,042 shares of Series D
                    Preferred in the name of NME Properties Corp.;

                    (iii) Certificate representing 5911 shares of Series D
                    Preferred in the name of NME Properties West, Inc.; and

                    (iv) Certificate representing 648 shares of Series D
                    Preferred in the name of NME Properties, Inc. 

               4.  NME Waivers.  NME hereby waives the provisions of
          Section 5(h) of that certain Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement to
          the extent that such provisions would prohibit Hillhaven from
          paying dividends on the Series D Preferred; provided, however,
          that such waiver shall be limited to Hillhaven being permitted to

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          pay dividends only on the Series D Preferred (and on Series C
          Preferred for which a waiver was previously obtained) and not on
          any other series or class of stock of Hillhaven or any of its
          subsidiaries. 

               5.  Survival of Certain Representations and Warranties and
          Covenants.  Hillhaven's representations and warranties set forth
          in Section 2(a)(vii) shall survive the execution, delivery and
          performance of this Agreement.

               6.  Miscellaneous.

               (a)  This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts
          as may be deemed necessary or convenient, and by the different
          parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so
          executed, shall be deemed an original but all such counterparts
          shall constitute one and the same agreement.

               (b)  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
          ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA WITHOUT
          REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW.

               (c)  No waiver or modification of any provision of this
          Agreement shall be (i) valid or enforceable unless it is in
          writing and has been executed by the party against whom such
          enforcement is sought, or (ii) construed as a waiver or
          modification of any other provision of this Agreement.

             IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year
          first above written.


                                        National Medical Enterprises, Inc.,
                                        a Nevada corporation

                                        By:  /s/ Maris Andersons           

                                        Title: Executive Vice President     
                  

                                        NME Properties Corp.,
                                        a Tennessee corporation

                                        By:  /s/ Maris Andersons           

                                        Title: Senior Vice President

                                        NME Properties, Inc.,
                                        a Delaware corporation

                                        By:  /s/ Maris Andersons      

                                        Title: Senior Vice President





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                        NME Properties West, Inc.,
                                        a Delaware corporation

                                        By:  /s/ Maris Andersons
                                        
                                        Title: Senior Vice President


                                        The Hillhaven Corporation,
                                        a Nevada corporation

                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider

                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 


                                        First Healthcare Corporation,
                                        a Delaware corporation

                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider

                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 
            



































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.06
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.06

                      RESIGNATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE 


               This Resignation Agreement and General Release (the
          "Agreement") dated as of September 15, 1993, by and between The
          Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the "Corporation"),
          and Richard K. Eamer ("Mr. Eamer").

          WITNESSETH:

               WHEREAS, Mr. Eamer is a member of the Board of Directors of
          the Corporation; and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Eamer and the Corporation entered into an
          Employment Agreement dated January 31, 1990 (the "Employment
          Agreement"); and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Eamer served as Chairman and, until April 1,
          1991, as Chief Executive Office of the Corporation; and

               WHEREAS, the Employment Agreement contemplates that Mr.
          Eamer would remain employed by the Corporation until January 31,
          1995; and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Eamer has decided to resign as a director and
          as Chairman of the Corporation, and resign from employment with
          the Corporation, effective as of the date hereof under the terms
          set forth herein; and

               WHEREAS, the terms of this Agreement are the product of
          mutual negotiation and compromise between Mr. Eamer and the
          Corporation; and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Eamer has been advised to consult with or seek
          advice from an attorney prior to execution of this Agreement and
          has in fact done so; and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Eamer has carefully considered other
          alternatives to executing this Agreement.

               NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and
          for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree
          as follows:

               Section 1.  Resignation.  Mr. Eamer hereby resigns as a
          director and as Chairman of the Corporation, and his employment
          pursuant to the Employment Agreement, effective of the date
          hereof.

               Section 2.  Severance Pay.  The Corporation will pay to Mr.
          Eamer the sum of Two Hundred Six Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and
          00/100 Dollars ($206,250.00) as severance pay.  The Corporation
          shall make the required withholding for taxes.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 3.  Annual Incentive Plan.  Mr. Eamer shall not be
          eligible to participate in the Corporation's Annual Incentive
          Plan for any period after May 31, 1993, and Mr. Eamer shall not
          receive any further payment with respect to such Annual Incentive
          Plan.

               Section 4.  Long Term Incentive Plan.  Mr. Eamer shall not
          be eligible to participate in the Corporation's Long Term
          Incentive Plan for future cycles, and Mr. Eamer shall not receive
          any further payments with respect to such Long Term Incentive
          Plan.

               Section 5.  Restricted Shares.  Pursuant to Incentive Stock
          Award RS 90-000001 dated February 5, 1990, Mr. Eamer was granted
          1,500,000 shares of restricted stock, the restrictions on which
          were to lapse as follows:  February 5, 1991, 300,000 shares;
          February 5, 1992, 300,000 shares; February 5, 1993, 300,000
          shares; February 5, 1994, 300,000 shares; and February 5, 1995,
          300,000 shares.  The restrictions on the 600,000 shares which
          would lapse on February 5, 1994 and February 5, 1995 shall now
          lapse on the date hereof; provided, however, that the parties
          shall execute an Amendment of Mr. Eamer's Incentive Stock Award
          evidencing such change in the restrictions.

               Section 6.  Stock Optional Performance Shares.  On July 15,
          1992 and July 27, 1993, Mr. Eamer was granted stock options to
          acquire 19,250 and 12,550 shares, respectively, of the
          Corporation's common stock (the "Options"), and the Corporation's
          Compensation Committee declared Mr. Eamer eligible to receive
          19,250 Performance Shares with respect to the three (3) year
          period ending May 31, 1995 and 12,550 Performance Shares with
          respect to the three (3) year period ending May 31, 1996 (the
          "Performance Shares").  Regardless of any contrary provisions in
          any instrument, certificate or document pertaining to the
          Options, Mr. Eamer shall have from the date hereof through the
          unexpired term thereof in which to exercise each particular
          option.  Mr. Eamer hereby relinquishes all right, title and
          interest in and to the Performance Shares.

               Section 7.  Hillhaven Capacity.  The Corporation enters into
          this Agreement for the benefit of itself as well as its
          shareholders, partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions,
          successors and assigns, and the present and/or former employees,
          officers, directors and agents thereof, both in their official
          and individual capacities.  All references to the "Corporation"
          in this Agreement shall be deemed to include all the persons and
          entities previously referenced in this section.

               Section 8.  Confidentiality; Cooperation With Legal Process. 

               (a)  Mr. Eamer acknowledges that he has held a sensitive
          management position with the Corporation and that, by virtue of
          having held such position, he has had access to and has learned
          the Corporation's and its subsidiaries' and affiliates'
          confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets
          pertaining to its operations, officers and directors.  Mr. Eamer
          agrees that he shall keep all such information confidential and
          that he shall not disclose any such information to any other

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          person, except as may be required by law.  Without limiting the
          generality of the foregoing, Mr. Eamer agrees that he will not
          respond to or in any way participate in or contribute to any
          public discussion, notice or other publicity concerning or in any
          way related to propriety or confidential information concerning
          the Corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates, operations,
          officers or directors, or any matters concerning his employment
          with the Corporation.

               (b)  The parties agree that no provision of this Section 8
          or any other provision of this Agreement shall be construed or
          interpreted in any way to limit, restrict or preclude either
          party hereto from cooperating with any governmental agency in the
          performance of its investigatory or other lawful duties or
          producing materials or giving testimony pursuant to a court
          proceeding.

               (c)  The parties agree that they will keep the terms,
          amounts and facts of this Agreement completely confidential, and
          that they will not hereafter disclose any information concerning
          this Agreement to anyone except their respective attorneys or
          accountants, including, but not limited to, any past, present, or
          prospective employees of the Corporation or any of its parent,
          subsidiary or related companies or entities, except, in each
          case, as may be required by law, including, without limitation,
          filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

               (d)  Mr. Eamer agrees that if he receives a subpoena or is
          otherwise required by law to provide information to a
          governmental entity or other person concerning the activities of
          the Corporation or his activities in connection with the
          Corporation's business, he will immediately notify the
          Corporation of subpoena or requirement and deliver to the
          Corporation a copy of such subpoena.

               Section 9.  Release By Mr. Eamer.  Mr. Eamer agrees that
          this Agreement settles any and all claims and disputes he has
          against the Corporation.  Except as hereinafter provided, Mr.
          Eamer fully releases and forever discharges the Corporation from
          any and all known or unknown actions, causes of action, claims,
          debts, obligations, promises, contracts, liabilities, suits,
          complaints and all other matters whatsoever, in law or equity, 
          which Mr. Eamer, his marital community, heirs, executors,
          administrators, successors and assigns may now have or hereafter
          can, shall or may have against the Corporation for, upon or by
          reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever including, but
          not limited to, any and all matters arising out of his employment
          by the Corporation and the cessation of said employment, and
          including, but not limited to, any alleged violation of Title VII
          of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Section 1981 through 1988 of
          Title 42 of the United States Code, the Immigration Reform and
          Control Act of 1986, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
          of 1974, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Consolidated
          Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, the Vocational
          Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Age Discrimination in Employment
          Act of 1967, the National Labor Relations Act, the Fair Labor
          Standards Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the
          Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          any other federal, state or local civil, labor, wage-hour, human
          rights or securities law, or any other alleged violation of any
          local, state or federal law, regulation or ordinance, and/or
          public policy, contract, tort or common law which he ever had,
          now has, may have or shall have as of the date of this Agreement. 
          It is understood and agreed that this is a full and general
          release covering all unknown, undisclosed and unanticipated
          losses, wrongs, injuries, debts, claims or damages to Mr. Eamer
          which may have arisen, or may arise from any act or omission
          prior to the date of this Agreement.  The Release in this Section
          shall not apply to the Corporation's performance of this
          Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the Release
          set forth in this Section 9 nor anything else in this Agreement
          shall be deemed to be a waiver or release by Mr. Eamer of any
          right that Mr. Eamer has or may have to claim indemnity for
          liabilities in connection with his activities as a director,
          officer or employee of the Corporation pursuant to any applicable
          statute, under any insurance policy, pursuant to the Articles of
          Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation or pursuant to any
          agreement of indemnification by and between the Corporation and
          Mr. Eamer.

               Section 10.  Release By The Corporation.  The Corporation
          fully releases and forever discharges Mr. Eamer, his marital
          community, heirs, executors, administrators, successors and
          assigns from any and all known or unknown actions, causes of
          action, claims, debts, obligations, promises, contracts,
          liabilities, suits, complaints and all other matters whatsoever,
          in law or equity, which the Corporation, its successors and
          assigns may now have or hereafter can, shall or may have against
          Mr. Eamer for, upon or by reason of any matter, cause or thing
          whatsoever including, but not limited to, any and all matters
          arising out of Mr. Eamer's employment by the Corporation and the
          cessation of said employment.  It is understood and agreed that
          this is a full and general Release covering all unknown,
          undisclosed and unanticipated losses, wrongs, injuries, debts,
          claims or damages to the Corporation which may have arisen, or
          may arisen from any act or omission prior to the date of this
          Agreement.

               Section 11.  Section 1542.  It is understood and agreed that
          each of the releases set forth in Sections 9 and 10 is a full and
          general release covering all unknown, undisclosed and
          unanticipated losses, wrongs, injuries, debts, claims or damages
          to Mr. Eamer or the Corporation which may have arisen, or may
          arise from any act or omission prior to the date of execution of
          this Agreement including, but not limited to, all matters arising
          out of or related, directly or indirectly, to Mr. Eamer's
          employment, compensation, or resignation.  Mr. Eamer and the
          Corporation each hereby waives any and all rights or benefits
          which he or it may now have, or in the future may have, under the
          terms of Section 1542 of the California Civil Code, which
          provides as follows:

               A general release does not extend to claims which the
               creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor
               at the time of executing the release, which if known by
               him must have materially affected his settlement with
               the Debtor.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 12.  Severability.  Should any provision of this
          Agreement be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of
          competent jurisdiction in any action or proceeding instituted by,
          on behalf or for the benefit of either party with respect to this
          Agreement, and such provision cannot be modified to be
          enforceable, such provision shall immediately become null and
          void and the parties shall renegotiate such provision in good
          faith, leaving the remainder of this Agreement in full force and
          effect.

               Section 13.  Governing Law; Forum; Attorneys' Fees.  This
          Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with
          the substantive law of the State of California applicable to
          contracts made and to be performed therein, without giving effect
          to its conflicts of law provisions.  In the event of the
          commencement of suit to enforce any of the terms or conditions in
          this Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation shall be
          entitled to recover its attorney's fees and costs.

               Section 14.  Construction.  The parties acknowledge that
          this Agreement was the subject of negotiation and that both have
          participated in the drafting of the Agreement and thus it should
          not be construed against either party.

               Section 15.  Non-Reliance; Entire Agreement.  Mr. Eamer and
          the Corporation each represents and acknowledges that in
          executing this Agreement, he or it does not rely and has not
          relied upon any promise, representation or statement by the other
          party or by any of the other party's employees, agents,
          representatives or attorneys not set forth herein with regard to
          the subject matter, basis or effect of this Agreement.  This
          Agreement represents the complete understanding of and between
          the parties.

               Section 16.  Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be
          binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and
          upon their marital community, heirs, administrators,
          representatives, executors, successors and assigns.

               Section 17.  Amendments.  This Agreement may not be amended,
          modified or altered except in a writing signed by both parties
          which specifically references this Agreement.

               Section 18.  Headings.  The headings used herein are for
          convenience of reference only and shall not be used in
          interpreting this Agreement.

               Section 19.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed
          in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
          original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the
          same instrument.

               THEREFORE, the parties to this Resignation Agreement and
          General Release now voluntarily and knowingly execute this
          Resignation Agreement and General Release as of the date first
          set forth above.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                        THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                                        By:  /s/ Bruce L. Busby
                                             Bruce L. Busby
                                             Chief Executive Officer


                                             /s/ Richard K. Eamer
                                             Richard K. Eamer


               The undersigned attorney acknowledges that he has reviewed
          this Resignation Agreement and General Release and has
          represented and advised Mr. Eamer in connection herewith.



                                        By:  /s/ Melvin S. Spears

                                        Date: September 15, 1993



               The undersigned attorney acknowledges that he has reviewed
          this Resignation Agreement and General Release and has
          represented and advised The Hillhaven Corporation in connection
          herewith.



                                        By:  /s/ Richard P. Adcock

                                        Date:  September 20, 1993
























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.08
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.08

                      AMENDMENT NO. ONE TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


               This Amendment No. One to Employment Agreement (the
          "Amendment") dated as of May 31, 1994, between The Hillhaven
          Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Leonard
          Cohen ("Mr. Cohen").

                                     WITNESSETH:

               WHEREAS, the Company and Mr. Cohen are parties to that
          certain Employment Agreement dated as of January 31, 1990 (the
          "Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company employed Mr. Cohen as
          its Vice Chairman and Deputy Chief Executive Officer; and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Cohen has previously voluntarily relinquished
          his position as Deputy Chief Executive Officer; and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Cohen's term as a director of the Company
          expires at the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the
          Company, and Mr. Cohen has decided not to stand for reelection;
          and

               WHEREAS, Mr. Cohen and the Company have agreed to amend the
          Agreement pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

               NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises,
          and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby
          agree as follows:

               1.  Amendment to Agreement.  The Agreement is hereby amended
          in the following respects:

               A.  Sections 1, 2 and 3(b)(iii) of the Agreement are hereby
          amended by deleting the phrase "Vice Chairman and Deputy Chief
          Executive Officer of the Company" wherever it appears in such
          sections and replacing it with the phrase "Vice Chairman and
          Deputy Chief Executive Officer of, or as a consultant to, the
          Company".

               B.  The second sentence of Section 5(c) of the Agreement is
          hereby amended by deleting the phrase "from his office as Vice
          Chairman and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Company" and
          replacing it with the phrase "as Vice Chairman and Deputy Chief
          Executive Officer of, and as a consultant to, the Company,".

               C.  Section 5(d) of the Agreement is hereby amended by
          deleting Subsection (C) in its entirety and replacing it with the
          following: "(C) any removal of Mr. Cohen as consultant to the
          Company, except in connection with termination of Mr. Cohen's
          employment for Cause, or".





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               2.  Effect on Agreement.  Except as expressly amended by
          this Amendment, all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement
          shall remain in full force and effect, including, without
          limitation, the provisions of Section 3(a) entitling Mr. Cohen to
          his salary through January 31, 1995.  In addition, nothing
          contained herein shall restrict Mr. Cohen from receiving the
          final installment of 48,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock
          on February 5, 1995 pursuant to the terms of that certain
          Incentive Stock Award (Restricted Shares) dated as of February 5,
          1990.

               3.  Governing Law.  This Amendment shall be governed by and
          construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

               4.  Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in one or
          more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and
          all of which together shall constitute one and the same
          instrument.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
          Amendment effective as of the date first set forth above.




                              /s/ Leonard Cohen
                              Leonard Cohen

                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                              By:  /s/ Bruce L. Busby
                                   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.10

                                      AGREEMENT


               This Agreement dated as of May 24, 1994 (this "Agreement"),
          between The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation (the
          "Company"), and Christopher J. Marker (the "Executive").

                                     WITNESSETH:

               WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company
          or one of its subsidiaries as its President and Chief Operating
          Officer (the "Position"); and

               WHEREAS, the Executive has extensive management experience
          in long term care and the operation of the Company, and such
          experience is very important to the continued success of the
          Company, as well as to the orderly transition of the Company
          should a change in corporate control and ownership occur; and

               WHEREAS,  changes in corporate control and ownership are
          common occurrences in the current business environment, which can
          be disruptive to a company's business and operations and
          detrimental to the best interests of its shareholders; and

               WHEREAS, the Company believes that it is in the best
          interests of the Company and its shareholders to enter into
          agreements with certain key officers, including the Executive, in
          order to ensure their retention and to promote their objectivity
          in reviewing proposed changes in control which may occur in the
          future.

               NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

               1.   Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the terms
          set forth in this Section shall have the following meanings:

                    (a)  a "Change in Control" of the Company shall be
               deemed to have occurred if: (i) any Person, alone or
               together with its Affiliates and Associates, is or becomes
               the beneficial owner directly or indirectly of securities of
               the Company representing 30% or more of the general voting
               power of the Company; (ii) during any period of two
               consecutive years during the term of this Agreement,
               individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute
               the Board of Directors of the Company cease for any reason
               other than death or disability to constitute at least a
               majority thereof; or (iii) any Person makes any filing under
               Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
               1934, as amended, with respect to the Company. 

                    (b)  "Person" shall mean an individual, firm,
               corporation or other entity or any successor to such entity,
               together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person,
               but "Person" shall not include the Company, National Medical
               Enterprises, Inc. ("NME"), any subsidiary of the Company or
               NME, any Affiliate or Associate of NME, any employee benefit

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               plan or employee stock plan of the Company, any subsidiary
               of the Company, NME or any subsidiary of NME, or any Person
               organized, appointed, established or holding Voting Stock
               by, for or pursuant to the terms of such a plan or any
               Person who acquires 20% or more of the general voting power
               of the Company in a transaction or series of transactions
               approved prior to such transaction or series of transactions
               by the Board of Directors of the Company.  

                    (c)  "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the
               respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of
               the  General Rules and Regulations under the Securities
               Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

                    (d)  "Voting Stock" means shares of the Company's
               capital stock having general voting power, with "voting
               power" meaning the power under ordinary circumstances (and
               not merely upon the happening of a contingency) to vote in
               the election of directors.

                    (e)  "Cause" shall mean:  the willful, substantial,
               continued and unjustified refusal of the Executive to
               perform the duties of his or her office to the extent of his
               or her ability to do so; any conduct on the part of the
               Executive which constitutes a breach of any statutory or
               common law duty of loyalty to the Company; any illegal or
               publicly immoral act by the Executive which materially and
               adversely affects the business of the Company; the physical
               or mental disability of the Executive as determined by the
               Board of Directors of the Company and resulting in his or
               her inability to perform his or her duties hereunder; or the
               death of the Executive.

               2.   Payments Upon Change in Control.  

                    (a)  If a Change in Control of the Company occurs at
          any time and if at any time during the two-year period
          thereafter, the Company (i) terminates the Executive without
          Cause from the Position or from a comparable or higher position
          with the Company, (ii) assigns to the Executive responsibilities
          or title materially less than his or her responsibilities and
          title as of the date hereof, (iii) reduces his or her salary,
          (iv) reduces his or her fringe benefits other than in accordance
          with a reduction in fringe benefits applicable to substantially
          all employees of the Company, or (v) requires the Executive to
          relocate to any location beyond a 30-mile radius of his or her
          current principal place of employment, then in any such event,
          the Company shall pay the Executive a severance benefit in cash
          within 30 days after the occurrence of any such event in an
          amount equal to two years' base salary.

                    (b)  Whether or not any payment is made pursuant to
          Section 2(a), if a Change in Control of the Company occurs at any
          time and the Executive reasonably determines that any payment or
          distribution by the Company or any of its Affiliates or
          Associates to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid
          or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms
          of this Agreement or otherwise pursuant to or by reason of any
          other agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement, including
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          without limitation any restricted stock, stock option, stock
          appreciation right or similar right, or the lapse or termination
          of any restriction on or the vesting or exerciseability of any of
          the foregoing (individually and collectively, a "Payment"), would
          be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the
          Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (or any
          successor provision thereto) by reason of being considered
          "contingent on a change in ownership or control" of the Company,
          within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (or any successor
          provision thereto), or any interest or penalties with respect to
          such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest
          and penalties, being hereinafter collectively referred to as the
          "Excise Tax"), then the Company shall pay to the Executive an
          additional payment or payments (individually and collectively, a
          "Gross-Up Payment").  The Gross-Up Payment shall be in an amount
          such that, after payment by the Executive of all taxes required
          to be paid by the Executive with respect to the receipt thereof
          under the terms of any Federal, state or local government or
          taxing authority (including any interest or penalties imposed
          with respect to such taxes), including any Excise Tax imposed
          with respect to the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an
          amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed
          upon the Payment.  The Company shall pay the Gross-Up Payment to
          the Executive within 30 days of its receipt of written notice
          from the Executive that such Excise Tax has been paid or will be
          payable at any time in the future.

               3.   Assignment; Binding Effect.  Neither this Agreement nor
          any rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or pledged by
          the Executive.  This Agreement and the rights and obligations of
          the parties hereunder shall be binding upon, and inure to the
          benefit of, the parties hereto, the heirs and legal
          representatives of the Executive and the successors and assigns
          of the Company.

               4.   No Right to Employment.  Nothing herein shall confer
          upon the Executive any right to continue in the employ of the
          Company or a subsidiary thereof or shall interfere in any way
          with the right of the Company or any subsidiary to terminate such
          employment at any time. 

               5.   Severability.  Should any provision of this Agreement
          be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent
          jurisdiction in any action or proceeding, and such provision
          cannot be modified to be enforceable, such provision shall
          immediately become null and void and the parties shall
          renegotiate such provision in good faith, leaving the remainder
          of this Agreement in full force and effect.

               6.   Notices.  Any notice to be given hereunder shall be
          effective upon receipt, shall be in writing and shall be
          personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail,
          postage prepaid to the following address or such other places as
          either party shall designate in writing:





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               If to the Company:       The Hillhaven Corporation
                                        1148 Broadway Plaza
                                        Tacoma, Washington  98402
                                        Attention:  Chief Executive Officer

               with a copy to:          The Hillhaven Corporation
                                        1148 Broadway Plaza
                                        Tacoma, Washington  98402
                                        Attention:  General Counsel

               If to the Executive:     Christopher J. Marker
                                        3427 Evergreen Point Road
                                        Bellevue, Washington 98004


               7.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
          construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.

               8.   Attorneys' Fees; Etc.  In the event that the Executive
          brings any suit, action or other legal proceeding to enforce any
          of the terms of this Agreement, and the Executive prevails in any
          such suit, action or proceeding, the Company shall reimburse the
          Executive for all costs and expenses, including reasonable
          attorneys' fees, incurred by or for the account of the Executive
          in connection with such suit, action or proceeding.  The Company
          shall pay such amount within ten days after receipt of the
          Executive's demand therefor.

               9.   Headings.  The headings and captions used in this
          Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not in
          any way limit or affect the construction or interpretation of any
          provision of this Agreement.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed
          this Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                        THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                                        By:  /s/ Bruce L. Busby
                                        Its: Chief Executive Officer


                                        /s/ Christopher J. Marker
                                        Christopher J. Marker
<PAGE>



                 <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.11

                                      AGREEMENT


               This Agreement dated as of ________________, 199____ (this
          "Agreement"), between The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada
          corporation (the "Company"), and ____________________________
          (the "Executive").

                                     WITNESSETH:

               WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company
          or one of its subsidiaries as its ______________________________
          (the "Position"); and

               WHEREAS, the Executive has extensive management experience
          in long term care and the operation of the Company, and such
          experience is very important to the continued success of the
          Company, as well as to the orderly transition of the Company
          should a change in corporate control and ownership occur; and

               WHEREAS, changes in corporate control and ownership are
          common occurrences in the current business environment, which can
          be disruptive to a company's business and operations and
          detrimental to the best interests of its shareholders; and

               WHEREAS, the Company believes that it is in the best
          interests of the Company and its shareholders to enter into
          agreements with certain key officers, including the Executive, in
          order to ensure their retention and to promote their objectivity
          in reviewing proposed changes in control which may occur in the
          future.

               NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

               1.   Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the terms
          set forth in this Section shall have the following meanings:

                    (a)  a "Change in Control" of the Company shall be
               deemed to have occurred if: (i) any Person, alone or
               together with its Affiliates and Associates, is or becomes
               the beneficial owner directly or indirectly of securities of
               the Company representing 30% or more of the general voting
               power of the Company; (ii) during any period of two
               consecutive years during the term of this Agreement,
               individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute
               the Board of Directors of the Company cease for any reason
               other than death or disability to constitute at least a
               majority thereof; or (iii) any Person makes any filing under
               Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
               1934, as amended, with respect to the Company. 

                    (b)  "Person" shall mean an individual, firm,
               corporation or other entity or any successor to such entity,
               together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person,
               but "Person" shall not include the Company, National Medical
               Enterprises, Inc. ("NME"), any subsidiary of the Company or
               NME, any Affiliate or Associate of NME, any employee benefit
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               plan or employee stock plan of the Company, any subsidiary
               of the Company, NME or any subsidiary of NME, or any Person
               organized, appointed, established or holding Voting Stock
               by, for or pursuant to the terms of such a plan or any
               Person who acquires 20% or more of the general voting power
               of the Company in a transaction or series of transactions
               approved prior to such transaction or series of transactions
               by the Board of Directors of the Company.  

                    (c)  "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the
               respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of
               the  General Rules and Regulations under the Securities
               Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  

                    (d)  "Voting Stock" means shares of the Company's
               capital stock having general voting power, with "voting
               power" meaning the power under ordinary circumstances (and
               not merely upon the happening of a contingency) to vote in
               the election of directors.

                    (e)  "Cause" shall mean:  the willful, substantial,
               continued and unjustified refusal of the Executive to
               perform the duties of his or her office to the extent of his
               or her ability to do so; any conduct on the part of the
               Executive which constitutes a breach of any statutory or
               common law duty of loyalty to the Company; any illegal or
               publicly immoral act by the Executive which materially and
               adversely affects the business of the Company; the physical
               or mental disability of the Executive as determined by the
               Board of Directors of the Company and resulting in his or
               her inability to perform his or her duties hereunder; or the
               death of the Executive.

               2.   Payments Upon Change in Control.  

                    (a)  If a Change in Control of the Company occurs at
          any time and if at any time during the [one/two]-year period
          thereafter, the Company (i) terminates the Executive without
          Cause from the Position or from a comparable or higher position
          with the Company, (ii) assigns to the Executive responsibilities
          or title materially less than his or her responsibilities and
          title as of the date hereof, (iii) reduces his or her salary,
          (iv) reduces his or her fringe benefits other than in accordance
          with a reduction in fringe benefits applicable to substantially
          all employees of the Company, or (v) requires the Executive to
          relocate to any location beyond a 30-mile radius of his or her
          current principal place of employment, then in any such event,
          the Company shall pay the Executive a severance benefit in cash
          within 30 days after the occurrence of any such event in an
          amount equal to two years' base salary.

                    (b)  Whether or not any payment is made pursuant to
          Section 2(a), if a Change in Control of the Company occurs at any
          time and the Executive reasonably determines that any payment or
          distribution by the Company or any of its Affiliates or
          Associates to or for the benefit of the Executive, whether paid
          or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms
          of this Agreement or otherwise pursuant to or by reason of any
          other agreement, policy, plan, program or arrangement, including
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          without limitation any restricted stock, stock option, stock
          appreciation right or similar right, or the lapse or termination
          of any restriction on or the vesting or exerciseability of any of
          the foregoing (individually and collectively, a "Payment"), would
          be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the
          Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (or any
          successor provision thereto) by reason of being considered
          "contingent on a change in ownership or control" of the Company,
          within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (or any successor
          provision thereto), or any interest or penalties with respect to
          such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest
          and penalties, being hereinafter collectively referred to as the
          "Excise Tax"), then the Company shall pay to the Executive an
          additional payment or payments (individually and collectively, a
          "Gross-Up Payment").  The Gross-Up Payment shall be in an amount
          such that, after payment by the Executive of all taxes required
          to be paid by the Executive with respect to the receipt thereof
          under the terms of any Federal, state or local government or
          taxing authority (including any interest or penalties imposed
          with respect to such taxes), including any Excise Tax imposed
          with respect to the Gross-Up Payment, the Executive retains an
          amount of the Gross-Up Payment equal to the Excise Tax imposed
          upon the Payment.  The Company shall pay the Gross-Up Payment to
          the Executive within 30 days of its receipt of written notice
          from the Executive that such Excise Tax has been paid or will be
          payable at any time in the future.

               3.   Assignment; Binding Effect.  Neither this Agreement nor
          any rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned or pledged by
          the Executive.  This Agreement and the rights and obligations of
          the parties hereunder shall be binding upon, and inure to the
          benefit of, the parties hereto, the heirs and legal
          representatives of the Executive and the successors and assigns
          of the Company.

               4.   No Right to Employment.  Nothing herein shall confer
          upon the Executive any right to continue in the employ of the
          Company or a subsidiary thereof or shall interfere in any way
          with the right of the Company or any subsidiary to terminate such
          employment at any time. 

               5.   Severability.  Should any provision of this Agreement
          be declared illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent
          jurisdiction in any action or proceeding, and such provision
          cannot be modified to be enforceable, such provision shall
          immediately become null and void and the parties shall
          renegotiate such provision in good faith, leaving the remainder
          of this Agreement in full force and effect.

               6.   Notices.  Any notice to be given hereunder shall be
          effective upon receipt, shall be in writing and shall be
          personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail,
          postage prepaid to the following address or such other places as
          either party shall designate in writing:

               If to the Company:       The Hillhaven Corporation
                                        1148 Broadway Plaza
                                        Tacoma, Washington  98402
                                        Attention:  Chief Executive Officer
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               with a copy to:          The Hillhaven Corporation
                                        1148 Broadway Plaza
                                        Tacoma, Washington  98402
                                        Attention:  General Counsel

               If to the Executive:     _______________________________
                                        _______________________________
                                        _______________________________


               7.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
          construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.

               8.   Attorneys' Fees; Etc.  In the event that the Executive
          brings any suit, action or other legal proceeding to enforce any
          of the terms of this Agreement, and the Executive prevails in any
          such suit, action or proceeding, the Company shall reimburse the
          Executive for all costs and expenses, including reasonable
          attorneys' fees, incurred by or for the account of the Executive
          in connection with such suit, action or proceeding.  The Company
          shall pay such amount within ten days after receipt of the
          Executive's demand therefor.

               9.   Headings.  The headings and captions used in this
          Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not in
          any way limit or affect the construction or interpretation of any
          provision of this Agreement.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed
          this Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                        THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                                             By: __________________________
                                             Its: _________________________


                                             ______________________________
                                             (Type Executive's name here)


















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.14

                              The Hillhaven Corporation
                          Board of Directors Retirement Plan

                              Effective January 1, 1994

                                      Section 1
                                 STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

               The Board of Directors Retirement Plan (the "Plan") of The
          Hillhaven Corporation has been adopted to attract, retain,
          motivate and provide financial security to members of the Board
          of Directors who are not employees of the Company (the
          "Participants").

                                      Section 2
                                     DEFINITIONS

          2.1  Agreement.  "Agreement" means a written agreement
               substantially in the form of Exhibit A between The Hillhaven
               Corporation and a Participant.

          2.2  Annual Board Retainer.  "Annual Board Retainer" means the
               total annual retainer paid to a Director by The Hillhaven
               Corporation for Service on The Hillhaven Corporation's Board
               of Directors, excluding any separate fees paid for meeting
               attendance or service on any committees of the Board of
               Directors.

          2.3  Committee.  "Committee" means the members of the Executive
               Committee of the Board of Directors of The Hillhaven
               Corporation who are employees of the Company.

          2.4  Company.  "Company" means The Hillhaven Corporation and its
               Subsidiaries.

          2.5  Change of Control.   "Change of Control" shall be deemed to
               have occurred if (a) any person as such term is used in
               Sections 13(c) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities and Exchange
               Act of 1934, or as amended, is or becomes the beneficial
               owner directly or indirectly of securities of The Hillhaven
               Corporation representing thirty percent or more of the
               combined voting power of The Hillhaven Corporation's then
               outstanding securities, or (b) during any two year period
               after January 1, 1994, individuals who at the beginning of
               such period constitute the Board of Directors of The
               Hillhaven Corporation cease for any reason other than death
               or disability to constitute a majority of the board;
               provided, however, that a Change of Control shall not be
               deemed to have occurred if National Medical Enterprises,
               Inc. ("NME") or any subsidiary of NME, becomes the
               beneficial owner of thirty percent or more of the general
               voting power of THC solely on account of NME's acquisition
               of shares of THC's Common Stock pursuant to its exercise of
               warrants under that certain Warrant and Registration Rights
               Agreement dated as of January 31, 1990 among NME, THC and
               Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company of California.

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          2.6  Director.  A "Director" is any member of the Board of
               Directors of The Hillhaven Corporation who is not an
               employee of the Company and who enters into an Agreement to
               participate in this Plan.

          2.7  Eligible Children.  "Eligible Children" means all natural or
               adopted children of a Participant under the age of 21,
               including any child conceived prior to the death of a
               Participant.

          2.8  Final Annual Board Retainer.  "Final Annual Board Retainer"
               means the Annual Board Retainer being paid to a Director at
               the time of his or her Termination of Service on the Board
               of Directors of The Hillhaven Corporation.

          2.9  Normal Retirement Age.  "Normal Retirement Age" under this
               Plan is age 65.

          2.10 Participant.  "Participant" shall include any Director who
               is not an employee of The Hillhaven Corporation and who,
               with the permission of the Committee, enters into an
               Agreement to participate in the Plan.

          2.11 Service.  "Service" refers to service as a Director of The
               Hillhaven Corporation.

          2.12 Subsidiary.  A "Subsidiary" of the Company is any
               corporation, partnership, venture or other entity in which
               the Company owns 50% of the capital stock or otherwise has a
               controlling interest as determined by the Committee, in its
               sole and absolute discretion.

          2.13 Surviving Spouse.  "Surviving Spouse" means the person
               legally married to the Participant for at least one year
               prior to the Participant's death or Termination of Service.

          2.14 Termination of Service.  "Termination of Service" means the
               cessation of a Participant's service as a Director of The
               Hillhaven Corporation for any reason whatsoever, whether
               voluntarily or involuntarily.

          2.15 Year.  A "Year" is a period of twelve consecutive calendar
               months.

          2.16 Year of Service.  "Year of Service" means each complete year
               of Service as a Director of The Hillhaven Corporation. 
               Years of Service shall be deemed to have begun as of the
               first day of the calendar month of service and to have
               ceased on the last day of the calendar month of service.










          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                      Section 3
                                 RETIREMENT BENEFITS

          3.1  Retirement Benefit.

               (a)  Upon the later of a Participant's Termination of
                    Service or attainment of Normal Retirement Age, The
                    Hillhaven Corporation agrees to pay to the Participant
                    an annual Retirement Benefit for ten years in an amount
                    equal to 50% of his or her Final Annual Board Retainer,
                    subject to the limitation of Section 3.1(b) and the
                    vesting of Section 3.2.

               (b)  The Retirement Benefit shall not exceed $12,000 (50% of
                    the Annual Board Retainer in 1993) increased by a
                    compounded rate of six percent per year from 1994 to
                    the year of the Participant's Termination of Service.

          3.2  Vesting of Retirement Benefit.  A Participant's interest in
               his Retirement Benefit shall, subject to Section 5.5, vest
               in accordance with the following schedule:

                         Years of Service              Vested Benefit

                           Less than 5                        0%
                                 5                           50%
                                 6                           60%
                                 7                           70%
                                 8                           80%
                                 9                           90%
                                10                          100%

               All Years of Service as a Director shall count towards
               vesting credit.

          3.3  Survivor Benefit

               (a)  If a Participant who is receiving a Retirement Benefit
                    dies, his or her Surviving Spouse or Eligible Children
                    shall be entitled to receive (in accordance with
                    Sections 3.4 and 3.5) the installments of the
                    Participant's Retirement Benefit for the remainder of
                    the ten year period.

               (b)  If a Participant, who has a vested interest under
                    Section 3.2, dies while serving as a Director of The
                    Hillhaven Corporation, his or her Surviving Spouse or
                    Eligible Children shall be entitled at the
                    Participant's death to receive (in accordance with
                    Sections 3.4 and 3.5) the installments of the
                    Retirement Benefit which would have been payable to the
                    Participant in accordance with Section 3.1 for a period
                    of ten years.  The limitation set forth in Section
                    3.1(b) will be based upon the date of the Participant's
                    death.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               (c)  If a Participant, who has a vested interest under
                    Section 3.2, dies after Termination of Service but at
                    death is not receiving any Retirement Benefits under
                    this Plan, the Surviving Spouse or Eligible Children
                    shall be entitled at Participant's death to receive (in
                    accordance with Sections 3.4 and 3.5) the installments
                    of the Retirement Benefit which would have been payable
                    to the Participant if he or she had retired on the day
                    before he or she died based on his or her vested
                    interest under Section 3.2.   The limitation set forth
                    in Section 3.1(b) will be based upon the date of the
                    Participant's death.

          3.4  Form and Duration of Benefit Payment.  Retirement Benefits
               shall be paid in equal monthly installments over a period of
               ten years.

               Surviving Spouse payments shall be paid in equal monthly
               installments over the remainder of the ten year period.

               Eligible Children benefit payments shall be paid monthly
               over the remainder of the ten year period, but not beyond
               the date when the youngest of the Eligible Children reaches
               age 21.

          3.5  Recipients of Benefit Payments.  If a Participant dies
               without a Surviving Spouse but is survived by any Eligible
               Children, then benefits will be paid to the Eligible
               Children or their legal guardian, if applicable.  The total
               monthly benefit payment will be equal to the monthly benefit
               that a Surviving Spouse would have received, which will be
               paid in equal shares to each of the Eligible Children for
               the remainder of the ten year period or until the youngest
               of the Eligible Children attains age 21, whichever comes
               first.  When any of the Eligible Children reaches age 21,
               his or her share will be reallocated equally to the
               remaining Eligible Children.

               If the Surviving Spouse dies after the death of the
               Participant but is survived by Eligible Children, the total
               monthly benefit previously paid to the Surviving Spouse will
               be paid in equal shares to each of the Eligible Children for
               the remainder of the ten year period or until the youngest
               of the Eligible Children attains age 21, whichever comes
               first.  When any of the Eligible Children reaches age 21,
               his or her share will be reallocated equally to the
               remaining Eligible Children.

          3.6  Change of Control.  In the event of a Change of Control of
               The Hillhaven Corporation while this Plan remains in effect
               which results in a Participant's Termination of Service as a
               Director of The Hillhaven Corporation or a Participant's
               failure to be reelected as a Director of The Hillhaven
               Corporation when his or her term of office expires, (i) a
               Participant's Retirement Benefit hereunder will be fully
               vested in the Participant without regard to his or her Years
               of Service with The Hillhaven Corporation and (ii)
               notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan, a
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Participant will be entitled to receive the full Normal
          Retirement Benefit commencing at age 65. 

                                      Section 4
                                       PAYMENT

          4.1  Commencement of Payments.  Payments under this Plan shall
               begin not later than the first day of the calendar month
               following the occurrence of an event which entitles a
               Participant (or his or her Surviving Spouse or Eligible
               Children) to payments under this Plan.

          4.2  Withholding; Unemployment Taxes.  To the extent required by
               the law in effect at the time payments are made, The
               Hillhaven Corporation shall report all payments hereunder
               and shall withhold therefrom any taxes required to be
               withheld by the Federal or any state or local government.

          4.3  Recipients of Payments.  All payments to be made by The
               Hillhaven Corporation under this Plan shall be made to the
               Participant during his or her lifetime.  All subsequent
               payments under the Plan shall be made by The Hillhaven
               Corporation to the Participant's Surviving Spouse, Eligible
               Children or their guardian, if applicable.

          4.4  No Other Benefits.  The Hillhaven Corporation shall pay no
               benefits hereunder to the Participant, his or her Surviving
               Spouse or Eligible Children or their legal guardian, if
               applicable, by reason of Termination of Service or
               otherwise, except as specifically provided herein.

                                      Section 5
                            CONDITIONS RELATED TO BENEFITS

          5.1  Administration of Plan.  The Committee has been authorized
               to administer the Plan and to interpret, construe and apply
               its provisions in accordance with its terms.  The Committee
               shall administer the Plan and shall establish, adopt or
               revise such rules and regulations as it may deem necessary
               or advisable for the administration of the Plan.  All
               decisions of the Committee shall be by vote or written
               consent of the majority of its members and shall be final
               and binding. 

          5.2  No Right to Assets.  Neither a Participant nor any other
               person shall acquire by reason of the plan any right in or
               title to any assets, funds or property of The Hillhaven
               Corporation and its subsidiaries whatsoever including,
               without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any
               specific funds or assets which The Hillhaven Corporation, in
               its sole discretion, may set aside in anticipation of a
               liability hereunder.  No trust shall be created in
               accordance with or by the execution or adoption of this Plan
               or any Agreement with a Participant, and any benefits which
               become payable hereunder shall be paid from the general
               assets of The Hillhaven Corporation.  A Participant shall
               have only an unsecured contractual right to the amounts, if
               any, payable hereunder.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          5.3  No Tenure Rights.  Nothing herein shall constitute a
               contract of continuing service or in any manner obligate The
               Hillhaven Corporation to continue the Service of a Director,
               or obligate a Director to continue in the Service of The
               Hillhaven Corporation, and nothing herein shall be construed
               as fixing or regulating the compensation paid to a Director.

          5.4  Right to Terminate or Amend.  Except during any two year
               period after any Change of Control of The Hillhaven
               Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation reserves the sole
               right to terminate the Plan at any time and to terminate an
               Agreement with any Participant at any time.  In the event of
               termination of the Plan or of a Participant's Agreement, a
               Participant shall be entitled only to the vested portion of
               his or her accrued benefits under Section 3 of the Plan as
               of the time of the termination of the Plan or his or her
               Agreement.  

               Benefits will be paid in the amounts specified and will
               commence at the time specified in Section 3 as appropriate. 
               The Hillhaven Corporation further reserves the right in its
               sole discretion to amend the Plan in any respect except that
               Plan benefits cannot be reduced during any two year period
               after any Change of Control of The Hillhaven Corporation. 
               No amendment of the Plan (whether there has or has not been
               a Change of Control of The Hillhaven Corporation) that
               reduces the value of the benefit theretofore accrued and
               vested by the Participant shall be effective. 

          5.5  Eligibility.  Eligibility to participate in the Plan is
               expressly conditional upon a Director's furnishing to The
               Hillhaven Corporation certain information and taking
               physical examinations and such other relevant action as may
               be reasonably requested by The Hillhaven Corporation.  Any
               Participant who refuses to provide such information or to
               take such action shall not be enrolled as or shall thereupon
               cease to be a Participant under the Plan.  Any Participant
               who commits suicide during the two year period beginning on
               the date of his or her Agreement, or who makes any material
               misstatement of information or non-disclosure of medical
               history, will not receive any benefits hereunder unless, in
               the sole discretion of the Committee, benefits in a reduced
               amount are awarded.

          5.6  Offset.  If at the time payments or installments of payments
               are to be made hereunder, any Participant or his or her
               Surviving Spouse or both are indebted to The Hillhaven
               Corporation or its Subsidiaries, then the payments remaining
               to be made to the Participant or his Surviving Spouse or
               both may, at the discretion of the Committee, be reduced by
               the amount of such indebtedness; provided, however, that an
               election by the Committee not to reduce any such payment or
               payments shall not constitute a waiver of any claim for such
               indebtedness.

          5.7  Conditions Precedent.  No Retirement Benefits will be
               payable hereunder to any Participant (i) whose Service with
               The Hillhaven Corporation is terminated because of willful

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               misconduct or gross negligence in the performance of his or
               her duties or (ii) who within three years after Termination
               of Service becomes an employee, director or consultant to
               any third party engaged in any line of business in
               competition with the Company that accounts for more than ten
               percent of the gross revenues of the Company taken as a
               whole.

                                      Section 6
                                    MISCELLANEOUS

          6.1  Nonassignability.  Neither a Participant nor any other
               person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign,
               transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise
               encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in advance of
               actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or
               any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are,
               expressly declared to be unassignable and non-transferrable. 
               No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual
               payment, be subject to seizure, or sequestration for the
               payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate
               maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, nor
               be transferrable by operation of law in the event of a
               Participant's or any person's bankruptcy or insolvency.

          6.2  Gender and Number.  Wherever appropriate herein, the
               masculine may mean the feminine and the singular may mean
               the plural or vice versa.

          6.3  Notice.  Any notice required or permitted to be given to the
               Committee under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing
               and hand delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail,
               to the principal office of The Hillhaven Corporation,
               directed to the attention of the Secretary of the Committee. 
               Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery
               or, if it is made by mail, as of the date shown on the
               postmark or on the receipt for registration or
               certification.

          6.4  Validity.  In the event any provision of this Plan is held
               invalid, void or unenforceable, the same shall not affect,
               in any respect whatsoever, the validity of any other
               provision of this Plan.

          6.5  Applicable Law.  This Plan shall be governed and construed
               in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.

          6.6  Successors in Interest.  This Plan shall inure to the
               benefit of, and be binding upon, and be enforceable by, any
               corporate successor to The Hillhaven Corporation or
               successor to substantially all of the assets of The
               Hillhaven Corporation.

          6.7  No Representation on Tax Matters.  The Hillhaven Corporation
               makes no representation to Participants regarding current or
               future income tax ramifications of the Plan.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                                                  Exhibit A

                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                     BOARD OF DIRECTORS RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT


          THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into at Tacoma, Washington, as
          of the first day of January, 1994, by and between The Hillhaven
          Corporation (the "Company") and
          __________________________________  ("Director").

          WHEREAS, THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION has adopted a Board of
          Directors Retirement Plan (the "Plan"); and

          WHEREAS, since the Director presently serves as a member of the
          Board of Directors of The Hillhaven Corporation and is not an
          employee of the Company, the Director is eligible to participate
          in the Plan; and

          WHEREAS, the Plan requires that an agreement be entered into
          between The Hillhaven Corporation and Director setting out
          certain terms and benefits of the Plan as they apply to the
          Director;

          NOW, THEREFORE, The Hillhaven Corporation and the Director hereby
          agree as follows:

          1.   The Plan, a copy of which is attached, is hereby
               incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement as
               though set forth in full herein.  The parties shall be
               bound by, and have the benefit of, each and every
               provision of the Plan, including but not limited to the
               non-assignability provisions of Section 6.1 of the
               Plan.

          2.   The Director was born on ____________________, 19_____,
               and his or her present service as a member of the Board
               of Directors of The Hillhaven Corporation began on      
               ____________________, 19_____.

          3.   This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be
               binding upon, The Hillhaven Corporation, its successors
               and assigns, and the Director and his or her surviving
               Spouse and Eligible Children.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed and entered
          into this Agreement on and as of the date first above written.

          The Hillhaven Corporation

          By  _________________________________________________________
          Its _________________________________________________________
                                                                            
          Director ____________________________________________________





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>9
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.21

                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                        SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
                              Adopted December 28, 1989

                                  FIRST RESTATEMENT
                               as of November 11, 1993



          SECTION 1  -  STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

              The Supplemental  Executive Retirement Plan (the  "Plan") has
          been  adopted by  The Hillhaven  Corporation ("THC")  to attract,
          retain,  motivate   and  provide  financial  security  to  highly
          compensated management employees  (the "Participants") who render
          valuable services to THC and its Subsidiaries.

          SECTION 2  -  DEFINITIONS

              2.1  ACQUISITION.  "Acquisition" refers to a company of which
          substantially  all of  its assets  or a  majority of  its capital
          stock are acquired by, or which is merged with or into, THC or  a
          Subsidiary.

              2.2   ACTUAL  FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS.   "Actual Final Average
          Earnings"  means the highest average  monthly Earnings for any 60
          consecutive  months during  the ten  years, or  actual employment
          period if less, preceding Termination of Employment.

              2.3    AGREEMENT.    "Agreement"  means a  written  agreement
          substantially  in the  form  of  Exhibit  A  between  THC  and  a
          Participant.

              2.4  COMMITTEE.  "Committee" means the Compensation Committee
          of the Board of Directors of THC.

              2.5   CHANGE  IN CONTROL.    A "Change  in Control"  shall be
          deemed to have occurred when a Person, alone or together with its
          Affiliates and Associates, becomes the beneficial owner of 30% or
          more  of the general voting power of THC; provided, however, that
          a Change  of Control  shall not  be  deemed to  have occurred  if
          National Medical  Enterprises, Inc. ( NME ) or  any subsidiary of
          NME, becomes the  beneficial owner of 30% or more  of the general
          voting power of  THC solely  on account of  NME s acquisition  of
          shares of THC s Common Stock pursuant to its exercise of warrants
          under  that certain  Warrant  and  Registration Rights  Agreement
          dated as of  January 31,  1990 among NME,  THC and  Manufacturers
          Hanover Trust Company of California.
              "Affiliate or Associate"  shall have the respective  meanings
          ascribed  of such terms  in Rule 12b-2  of the  General Rules and
          Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
              "Person"  for the  purpose of this numbered  paragraph of the
          Plan,  means an individual, firm,  corporation or other entity or
          any successor to such entity, but "Person" shall not include THC,
          any Subsidiary, any employee benefit plan or  employee stock plan
          of  THC or  any Subsidiary, or  any Person  organized, appointed,
          established
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          or holding Voting Stock by, for or pursuant to the  terms of such
          a  plan or  any Person  who acquires  20 percent  or more  of the
          general  voting  power  of THC  in  a  transaction  or series  of
          transactions  approved prior  to  such transaction  or series  of
          transactions by the Board of Directors of THC.

              "Voting  Stock" means  shares of  THC's capital  stock having
          general voting power, with "voting power" meaning the power under
          ordinary  circumstances (and not  merely upon the  happening of a
          contingency) to vote in the election of directors.

              2.6  DATE OF EMPLOYMENT.  "Date of Employment" means the date
          on  which a person became an Employee  of THC or a Subsidiary, or
          the  date on  which  a person  became  an employee  of  NME or  a
          subsidiary of  NME prior to the divestiture of THC by NME.  Where
          a person is an employee of an entity that is acquired by THC or a
          Subsidiary through an Acquisition, "Date of Employment" means the
          effective date  of the  Acquisition; provided, the  Committee, in
          its sole discretion, may approve as a Date of Employment the date
          on  which a  person began  to perform  services for  the acquired
          entity  in a position comparable  to one at  THC which would have
          been eligible for participation in the Plan.

              2.7    DATE  OF  ENROLLMENT.    For purposes  of  determining
          benefits under the  Plan, "Date  of Enrollment"  means the  "Plan
          Entry Date" which is the date on which an Employee first  becomes
          a Participant in the Plan, except that for any Employee who was a
          participant in the NME  SERP prior to the  divestiture of THC  by
          NME, the "Plan Entry Date" related to former participation in the
          NME  SERP shall be  the "Plan Entry Date"  for this Plan provided
          that any Employee who became a Participant in the NME  SERP prior
          to June 1, 1985  shall be deemed to have a Date  of Enrollment of
          the later of Date of Employment or June 1, 1984.  

              2.8    DISABILITY.   "Disability"  means  any Termination  of
          Employment during the life  of a Participant and prior  to Normal
          Retirement or Early Retirement by reason of a Participant's total
          and permanent disability, as determined  by the Committee, in its
          sole  and   absolute  discretion.    A   Participant,  who  makes
          application for and qualifies for disability benefits under THC's
          Group  Long-Term  Disability  Plan  or  under  any  similar  plan
          provided  by  THC  or  a  Subsidiary,  as  now  in  effect or  as
          hereinafter amended (the "LTD  Plans"), shall usually qualify for
          Disability under this Plan,  unless the Committee determines that
          the Participant  is  not totally  and  permanently disabled.    A
          Participant who  fails to  qualify for disability  benefits under
          the LTD Plans  (whether or not the  Participant makes application
          for  disability benefits thereunder)  shall not  be deemed  to be
          totally  and permanently  disabled  under this  Plan, unless  the
          Committee  otherwise  determines, based  upon  the  opinion of  a
          qualified physician  or medical clinic selected  by the Committee
          to  the effect that a condition of total and permanent disability
          exists.

              2.9    EARLY  RETIREMENT.     "Early  Retirement"  means  any
          Termination of Employment during the  life of a Participant prior
          to Normal Retirement and after the Participant attains age 55 and
          has completed  ten Years of  Service or  attains age  62 with  no
          minimum Years of Service.
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



              2.10  EARNINGS.   "Earnings" means the base  salary paid to a
          Participant by  THC or a  Subsidiary, excluding bonuses,  car and
          other allowances and other cash and non-cash compensation.

              2.11    ELIGIBLE CHILDREN.    "Eligible  Children" means  all
          natural or adopted children of a Participant under the age of 21,
          including  any  child   conceived  prior  to   the  death  of   a
          Participant.

              2.12  EMPLOYEE.   "Employee"  means any person who  regularly
          performs  Services on a full-time basis (that is, works a minimum
          of 32 hours a week) for THC or a Subsidiary and receives a salary
          plus  employee benefits  normally  made available  to persons  of
          similar status.

              2.13  EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE.  "Employment" or "Service" means
          any  continuous  period  during  which an  Employee  is  actively
          engaged  in performing services for THC and its Subsidiaries plus
          the term of any leave  of absence approved by the Committee  plus
          any  continuous  period  of  service  performed  with  NME  or  a
          subsidiary  of NME immediately prior to the divestiture of THC by
          NME.

              2.14   EXISTING RETIREMENT  BENEFIT PLANS  ADJUSTMENT FACTOR.
          "Existing Retirement  Benefit Plans Adjustment Factor"  means the
          assumed  benefit  the Participant  would  be  eligible for  under
          Social   Security  and  all  retirement  plans  of  THC  and  its
          Subsidiaries  whether or not he participates in such plans.  This
          Factor will be used  for calculating all benefits under  the Plan
          and  is a  projection of  the benefits  payable under  the Social
          Security regulations and retirement plans in effect June 1,  1984
          and  once established  for a  Participant will not  thereafter be
          altered  to  reflect  any  reduction  in  benefits  under  Social
          Security  or  such retirement  plans  unless  the Participant  is
          transferred to different retirement  plans or unless such company
          sponsored retirement plans are  substantially altered in terms of
          benefit  provided.    The   existing  Retirement  Benefit   Plans
          Adjustment Factor is expressed as  a percentage and is determined
          by specific formula as approved by the Committee.

              2.15  FINAL AVERAGE EARNINGS.  "Final Average Earnings" means
          the lesser  of (i) Actual Final Average  Earnings or (ii), if the
          Participant  has  completed  at   least  60  months  of  Service,
          Projected Final Average Earnings.

              2.16    NORMAL RETIREMENT.    "Normal  Retirement" means  any
          Termination  of Employment during the life of a Participant on or
          after the date on which the Participant attains age 65.

              2.17  PARTICIPANT.  "Participant" means any Employee selected
          to participate  in this Plan  by the  Committee, in its  sole and
          absolute discretion.

              2.18  PRIOR SERVICE CREDIT PERCENTAGE.  "Prior Service Credit
          Percentage" means the percentage applied to a Participant's Years
          of  Service  with  THC and  its  Subsidiaries  (and  NME and  its
          subsidiaries prior to  the divestiture  of THC by  NME) which  is
          prior  to his Date of Enrollment  in the Plan, in accordance with
          the following formula:
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                     Years of Service                  Prior Service Credit
                   After Date of Enrollment                  Percentage    
            
                     During 1st Year                             25
                     During 2nd Year                             35
                     During 3rd Year                             45
                     During 4th Year                             55
                     During 5th Year                             75
                     After  5th Year                            100

              2.19   PROJECTED  EARNINGS.   "Projected Earnings"  means the
          actual Earnings of an Employee on  the Date of Enrollment plus an
          assumed increase of eight percent per annum.  In the event of any
          Promotion   subsequent  to  the  Date  of  Enrollment,  Projected
          Earnings  shall  mean  actual  earnings of  an  Employee  on  the
          effective date of the Promotion plus an assumed increase of eight
          percent per annum.

              2.20   PROJECTED  FINAL AVERAGE  EARNINGS.   "Projected Final
          Average Earnings" means the  average of a Participant's Projected
          Earnings  during   the  60   months   preceding  Termination   of
          Employment.

              2.21   SUBSIDIARY.   A  "Subsidiary" of  the Company  is  any
          corporation, partnership,  venture or  other entity in  which the
          Company  owns 50%  of  the  capital  stock  or  otherwise  has  a
          controlling  interest as determined by the Committee, in its sole
          and absolute discretion.

              2.22  SURVIVING SPOUSE.  "Surviving  Spouse" means the person
          legally married  to a Participant for at  least one year prior to
          the Participant's death or Termination of Employment.

              2.23  TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.  "Termination of Employment"
          means the ceasing of the Participant's Employment for  any reason
          whatsoever, whether voluntarily or involuntarily.
              2.24    YEAR.   A "Year"  is a  period of  twelve consecutive
          calendar months.

              2.25  YEAR OF SERVICE.  "Year of Service" means each complete
          year (up to a maximum of 20) of continuous Service (up to age 65)
          as an Employee  of THC  and its Subsidiaries  beginning with  the
          Date  of Employment with THC and its Subsidiaries or with NME and
          its  subsidiaries immediately prior to the  divestiture of THC by
          NME.   Years of Service  shall be deemed to have  begun as of the
          first day of the calendar month of  Employment and to have ceased
          on the last day of the calendar month of Employment.

              2.26   PROMOTION.    Promotion   means an  advancement in  an
          employee s  job title  accompanied by  a substantial  increase in
          duties, responsibilities and salary.   The Committee, in its sole
          discretion, may determine if a Promotion  has occurred based upon
          all the facts and circumstances.
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          SECTION 3  -  RETIREMENT BENEFITS

              3.1  NORMAL RETIREMENT BENEFIT.
                  a. Upon a  Participant's Normal  Retirement, the  Company
          agrees to  pay to  the Participant  a  monthly Normal  Retirement
          Benefit  for the  Participant's lifetime  which is  determined in
          accordance with the Benefit Formula set  forth below, adjusted by
          the Vesting Percentage in Section 3.3.  Except as provided below,
          the  amount of  such monthly  Normal  Retirement Benefit  will be
          determined by using the following formula:

              Z  =  A  x  [B1  +  [B2  x  C]]  x  [2.7%  -  D]  x  E
              Z   =  Normal Retirement Benefit
              A   =  Final Average Earnings
              B1  =  Years of Service After Date of Enrollment
              B2  =  Years of Service Prior to Date of Enrollment
              C   =  Prior Service Credit Percentage
              D   =  Existing Retirement Benefit Plans Adjustment Factor
              V   =  Vesting Percentage
              NOTE:  B1 and B2  Years of Service combined cannot  exceed 20
              years.

                  b. In  the  event   of  the  death  or  Disability  of  a
          Participant at any  age or the  Normal or  Early Retirement of  a
          Participant after age 60, the Normal  or Early Retirement Benefit
          will  be  determined  on the  basis  of  a  Prior Service  Credit
          Percentage of 100. 

                  c. If a Participant who is receiving  a Normal Retirement
          Benefit dies, his Surviving Spouse or Eligible  Children shall be
          entitled to receive (in accordance with Sections 3.5 and 3.6) 50%
          of the Participant's Normal Retirement Benefit.

                  d. If   a  Participant   who  is   eligible  for   Normal
          Retirement dies while an Employee of the Company  after attaining
          age  65,  his Surviving  Spouse  or  Eligible  Children shall  be
          entitled to receive (in accordance with Sections 3.5 and 3.6) the
          installments of  the Normal  Retirement Benefit which  would have
          been payable  to  the Surviving  Spouse or  Eligible Children  in
          accordance  with this  Section  3.1  as  if the  Participant  had
          retired on the day before he died.

              3.2  EARLY RETIREMENT BENEFIT.

                  a. Upon  a Participant's Early  Retirement, THC shall pay
          the  Participant  a  monthly  Early Retirement  Benefit  for  the
          Participant's  lifetime  commencing  on  the  first  day  of  the
          calendar month following the date  he attains age 65,  calculated
          in  accordance with  Sections  3.1  and  3.3 with  the  following
          adjustments:

                     (i)     Only  the   Participant's  actual   Years   of
                         Service,  adjusted  appropriately  for  the  Prior
                         Service Credit Percentage, as of the date of Early
                         Retirement shall be used.
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                     (ii)    For purposes  of determining the Actual  Final
                         Average  Earnings  and  Projected   Final  Average
                         Earnings,  only  the  Participant's  Earnings  and
                         Projected  Earnings  as  of   the  date  of  Early
                         Retirement shall be used.

                     (iii)   To arrive  at the payments to  commence at age
                         65 the amount calculated under paragraphs a(i) and
                         a(ii)  of this Section 3.2 will be reduced by .42%
                         for each month  Early Retirement commences  before
                         age 62.

                  b. Upon the written  request of the Participant  prior to
          Termination  of  Employment,  the  Committee,  in  its  sole  and
          absolute  discretion,  may   authorize  payment   of  the   Early
          Retirement  Benefit   at  a  date  prior   to  the  Participant's
          attainment of age 65;  provided, however, that in such  event the
          amount calculated under paragraphs a(i), a(ii) and a(iii) of this
          Section 3.2 shall be further reduced by .42%  for each month that
          the  date of  the commencement  of payment  precedes the  date on
          which the Participant will attain age 62.

                  c. If a  Participant dies after  commencement of  payment
          of his Early Retirement Benefit, the Surviving Spouse or Eligible
          Children  shall  be  entitled  to  receive  (in  accordance  with
          Sections  3.5 and 3.6) 50% of  the Participant's Early Retirement
          Benefit.

                  d. If a Participant  dies after his Early  Retirement but
          before  benefits  have commenced,  or  while  on Disability,  the
          Surviving  Spouse  or  Eligible  Children shall  be  entitled  to
          receive  (in accordance  with Sections  3.5 and  3.6) 50%  of the
          benefit  that would have been payable on the date the Participant
          elected to have benefits commence.

                  e. If  a  Participant dies  after  becoming eligible  for
          Early  Retirement but before taking  Early Retirement or while on
          Disability, the  Surviving Spouse  or Eligible Children  shall be
          entitled to receive (in accordance with Sections 3.5 and 3.6) 50%
          of the  Participant's Early  Retirement Benefit determined  as if
          the  Participant had retired  on the day prior  to his death with
          payments  commencing on  the  first of  the  month following  the
          Participant's death.  The benefits payable  to a Surviving Spouse
          or Eligible Children under  this paragraph shall be no  less than
          the benefits payable  to a Surviving Spouse or  Eligible Children
          under  Section 3.4  as if  the Participant  had  died immediately
          prior to age 55.

              3.3  VESTING OF RETIREMENT BENEFIT.  A Participant's interest
          in his Retirement Benefit shall, subject to Sections 5.5 and 5.7,
          vest in accordance with following schedule:
                     Years of Service             Vesting
                     Less than 5                    0%
                     5 but less than 6            25%
                     6 through 20                   5% per year
          Notwithstanding the foregoing,  a Participant who is  at least 60
          years old  and who has completed at least 5 Years of Service will
          be  fully vested,  subject  to  Sections  5.5  and  5.7,  in  his
          Retirement  Benefits.  No Years  of Service will  be credited for
          Service after age 65 or for more than 20 years.
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



              3.4  TERMINATION BENEFIT.  Upon any Termination of Employment
          of the  Participant before Normal Retirement  or Early Retirement
          for  reasons  other  than  death or  Disability,  THC  shall pay,
          commencing  at age  65, to the  Participant a  Retirement Benefit
          calculated under  Sections 3.1  and 3.3  but  with the  following
          adjustments:

                  a. Only  the  Participant's  actual   Years  of  Service,
          adjusted appropriately for the  Prior Service Credit  Percentage,
          as of the date of Termination of Employment shall be used.

                  b. For purposes  of determining the  Actual Final Average
          Earnings  and the  Projected Final Average  Earnings, as  used in
          Section  3.1,  only  the  Participant's  Earnings  and  Projected
          Earnings prior to the date of his Termination of Employment shall
          be used.

                  c. (i)     If  a Participant  dies after  commencement of
                         payment  of his  or  her Retirement  Benefit under
                         this Section 3.4, the Surviving Spouse or Eligible
                         Children shall be entitled at  Participant's death
                         to receive (in  accordance with  Sections 3.5  and
                         3.6) 50% of the Participant's Retirement Benefit.
                     (ii)    If a  Participant,  who  has  vested  interest
                         under  Section  3.3,  dies  after  Termination  of
                         Employment  but  at  death  is  not  receiving any
                         Retirement Benefits under this Plan, the Surviving
                         Spouse or Eligible  Children shall be  entitled to
                         receive (in accordance with Sections  3.5 and 3.6)
                         commencing on  the date when the Participant would
                         have  attained  age  65,  50%  of  the  Retirement
                         Benefit  which  would  have been  payable  to  the
                         Participant at age 65.
                     (iii)   If  a  Participant, who  has  vested  interest
                         under  Section  3.3,  dies  while  still  actively
                         employed by  THC or a Subsidiary  or on Disability
                         before he was eligible  for Early Retirement,  his
                         Surviving  Spouse or  Eligible  Children shall  be
                         entitled at the Participant's death to receive (in
                         accordance with  Sections 3.5 and 3.6)  50% of the
                         Retirement   Benefit   calculated   as    if   the
                         Participant were  age 55  and  eligible for  Early
                         Retirement  on the day before Participant's death;
                         however,   the   combined  reductions   for  Early
                         Retirement  and  early  payment  shall  not exceed
                         35.28% of the  amount calculated under  paragraphs
                         a(i) and a(ii) of Section 3.2.

                  d. To arrive at the payments  to commence at age  65, the
          amount calculated under paragraphs  a, b, c(i) and c(ii)  of this
          section 3.4 will  be reduced by the  maximum percentage reduction
          for Early Retirement at age 55 (i.e., 35.28%).

              3.5    DURATION  OF  BENEFIT  PAYMENT.    Normal  and   Early
          Retirement  Benefit  payments  shall  be  for  the  life  of  the
          Participant.
                  Surviving   Spouse  Benefit  payments  shall  be  for  the
          Surviving  Spouse's  lifetime.    All  benefits  payable  to  the
          Surviving Spouse are subject  to actuarial reduction if Surviving
          Spouse is more than 3 years younger than the Participant.
<PAGE>



                  Eligible  Children  Benefit payments  shall be  made until
          the youngest of the Eligible Children reaches age 21.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



              3.6  RECIPIENTS  OF BENEFIT PAYMENTS.  If a  Participant dies
          without  a  Surviving Spouse  but  is  survived by  any  Eligible
          Children,  then benefits will be paid to the Eligible Children or
          their legal  guardian, if applicable.  The  total monthly benefit
          payable will be  equal to  the monthly benefit  that a  Surviving
          Spouse  would have  received without  actuarial reduction.   This
          benefit will be  paid in  equal shares to  all Eligible  Children
          until the youngest of the Eligible Children attains age 21.
                  If  the Surviving  Spouse  dies  after  the death  of  the
          Participant but is  survived by Eligible Children, then the total
          monthly benefit previously  paid to the Surviving  Spouse will be
          paid  in equal shares to all Eligible Children until the youngest
          of  the  Eligible Children  attains  age  21.   When  any  of the
          Eligible Children reaches age  21, his share will be  reallocated
          equally to the remaining Eligible Children.

              3.7   DISABILITY.  Any  Participant who  is under  Disability
          upon reaching age 65  will be paid the Normal  Retirement Benefit
          in accordance with Sections 3.1 and 3.3.
                  Upon a Participant's  Disability while an Employee of  the
          Company, the Participant will continue to accrue Years of Service
          during his Disability until the earliest of:

                  a. Recovery from Disability.
                  b. His 65th birthday, or
                  c. Death.

                  If  a Participant  is  receiving  Disability payments,  he
          shall 
          not be entitled to receive an Early Retirement Benefit.
                  For purposes  of calculating  the foregoing benefits,  the
          Participant's Actual  Final Average Earnings and  Projected Final
          Average  Earnings  shall be  determined  using  his Earnings  and
          Projected Earnings up to the date of Disability.

              3.8  CHANGE IN CONTROL.  In  the event of a Change in Control
          of THC while this Plan remains in effect or in the event that any
          Person  makes any  filing under  Sections 13(d)  or 14(d)  of the
          Exchange  Act with respect  to the  Company, (i)  a Participant's
          Retirement Benefits hereunder (a) will be determined on the basis
          of receiving full Prior Service Credit under Sections 3.1 and 3.2
          for all  Years of Service prior to his Date of Enrollment and (b)
          will be fully  vested in  the Participant without  regard to  his
          Years  of  Service  with  THC  and  its  Subsidiaries   and  (ii)
          notwithstanding any  other provisions of the  Plan, a Participant
          will be entitled to  receive the Normal Retirement Benefit  on or
          after age 60 with no reduction by virtue of paragraphs a(iii) and
          b of Section 3.2.


          SECTION 4  -  PAYMENT

              4.1   COMMENCEMENT OF  PAYMENTS.   Payments under  this  Plan
          shall  begin not later than  the first day  of the calendar month
          following the occurrence of an event which entitles a Participant
          (or a  Surviving Spouse or  Eligible Children) to  payments under
          this Plan.

              4.2    WITHHOLDING;   UNEMPLOYMENT  TAXES.    To  the  extent
          required by  the law in effect at the time payments are made, THC
<PAGE>



          shall withhold from payments made hereunder any taxes required to
          be withheld by the Federal or any state or local government.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



              4.3  RECIPIENTS OF PAYMENTS.  All payments to  be made by THC
          under  the Plan  shall  be made  to  the Participant  during  his
          lifetime.  All subsequent  payments under the Plan shall  be made
          by THC  to the Participant's Surviving  Spouse, Eligible Children
          or their legal guardian, if applicable.

              4.4  NO OTHER BENEFITS.   THC shall pay no benefits hereunder
          to the  Participant, his  Surviving Spouse, Eligible  Children or
          their  legal guardian, if applicable, by reason of Termination of
          Employment or otherwise, except as specifically provided herein.


          SECTION 5  -  CONDITIONS RELATED TO BENEFITS

              5.1    ADMINISTRATION  OF  PLAN.    The  Committee  has  been
          authorized to administer the Plan and  to interpret, construe and
          apply its provisions in accordance with its terms.  The Committee
          shall  administer the Plan  and shall establish,  adopt or revise
          such  rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or advisable
          for  the  administration  of the  Plan.    All  decisions of  the
          Committee  shall be by vote or written consent of the majority of
          its members  and shall  be final  and binding.    Members of  the
          Committee  shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan while
          serving as a member of the Committee.

              5.2  NO RIGHT TO ASSETS.  Neither a Participant nor any other
          person shall  acquire by reason of the Plan any right in or title
          to  any assets,  funds or  property of  THC and  its Subsidiaries
          whatsoever  including,  without limiting  the  generality  of the
          foregoing,  any specific funds or  assets which THC,  in its sole
          discretion,  may  set  aside   in  anticipation  of  a  liability
          hereunder.   No trust shall  be created in  accordance with or by
          the execution or  adoption of this Plan  or any Agreement  with a
          Participant,  and any  benefits  which  become payable  hereunder
          shall be paid  from the  general assets  of THC.   A  Participant
          shall have only an unsecured contractual right to the amounts, if
          any, payable hereunder.

              5.3  NO EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS.  Nothing herein shall constitute a
          contract of  continuing employment or in any  manner obligate THC
          and its Subsidiaries to continue the service of a Participant, or
          obligate a Participant to continue in the service of THC  and its
          Subsidiaries, and nothing herein shall be  construed as fixing or
          regulating the compensation paid to a Participant.

              5.4  RIGHT TO TERMINATE OR AMEND.  Except during any two year
          period after any Change in Control of THC, THC  reserves the sole
          right  to terminate  the Plan  at  any time  and to  terminate an
          Agreement with  any Participant  at any  time.  In  the event  of
          termination  of  the  Plan or  of  a  Participant's  Agreement, a
          Participant shall be entitled  to only the vested portion  of his
          or her accrued  benefits under Section  3 of the  Plan as of  the
          time  of  the termination  of  the Plan  or  his Agreement.   All
          further  vesting and benefit accrual  shall cease on  the date of
          Plan  or Agreement termination.  Benefit payments would be in the
          amounts specified  and would  commence at  the time  specified in
          Section 3 as appropriate.  THC further  reserves the right in its
          sole discretion to amend the Plan in any respect except that Plan
          benefits cannot be reduced  during any two year period  after any
          Change in Control
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          of THC.  No amendment  of the Plan (whether there has or  has not
          been a  Change in Control of  THC) that reduces the  value of the
          benefits  theretofore accrued by  and vested with  respect to the
          Participant shall be effective.

              5.5  ELIGIBILITY.  Eligibility to participate in the Plan  is
          expressly  conditional  upon  an  Employee's  furnishing  to  THC
          certain  information  and taking  physical examinations  and such
          other relevant action as may be reasonably requested by THC.  Any
          Employee Participant  who refuses to provide  such information or
          to take  such action shall  not be enrolled  as or cease  to be a
          Participant under the Plan.  Any Participant  who commits suicide
          during the two-year  period beginning on the  date of his or  her
          Agreement, or who makes  any material misstatement of information
          or  non-disclosure  of  medical  history, will  not  receive  any
          benefits  hereunder  unless,  in   the  sole  discretion  of  the
          Committee, benefits in a reduced amount are awarded.

              5.6   OFFSET.   If at  the time  payments or  installments of
          payments are to be made hereunder, any Participant or his  or her
          Surviving   Spouse  or  both   are  indebted   to  THC   and  its
          Subsidiaries,  then  the payments  remaining  to be  made  to the
          Participant  or   his  Surviving  Spouse  or  both  may,  at  the
          discretion of the  Committee, be  reduced by the  amount of  such
          indebtedness;  provided,   however,  that  an  election   by  the
          Committee  not to reduce any  such payment or  payments shall not
          constitute a waiver of any claim for such indebtedness.

              5.7   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT.   No Retirement  Benefits will be
          payable hereunder  to any  Participant (i) whose  Employment with
          THC  or  a  Subsidiary  is  terminated  because  of  his  willful
          misconduct or gross negligence  in the performance of his  duties
          or  (ii)  who within  3  years  after Termination  of  Employment
          becomes an employee with or consultant to any third party engaged
          in  any line  of  business in  competition  with THC  and/or  its
          subsidiaries (a) in a  line of business in which  the Participant
          has performed Services for THC and its Subsidiaries provided that
          a person who is also an employee of NME shall not be construed to
          be  a  third party  engaged in  competition  with THC  and/or its
          Subsidiaries  or (b) that accounts  for more than  ten percent of
          the gross revenues of THC and its Subsidiaries  taken as a whole.
          Notwithstanding  the foregoing  paragraph, the Committee,  in its
          sole discretion,  may approve the payment  of Retirement Benefits
          to an Employee who would otherwise be ineligible under (ii) above
          if the Committee determines that is  in THC s best interest to do
          so.

          SECTION 6  -  MISCELLANEOUS

              6.1  NONASSIGNABILITY.   Neither a Participant nor  any other
          person shall have  any right to commute,  sell, assign, transfer,
          pledge,  anticipate,  mortgage or  otherwise  encumber, transfer,
          hypothecate or convey in advance any provision hereunder,  or any
          part thereof, which are,  and all rights to which  are, expressly
          declared to be unassignable and non-transferable.  No part of the
          amounts payable  shall, prior  to actual  payment, be  subject to
          seizure or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments,
          alimony or  separate maintenance  owed  by a  Participant or  any
          other  person, nor  be transferable  by operation  of law  in the
          event of a
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Participant's or any  person's bankruptcy or insolvency.  THC may
          assign this Plan to any Subsidiary which employs any Participant.

              6.2   GENDER  AND NUMBER.   Wherever appropriate  herein, the
          masculine may mean  the feminine  and the singular  may mean  the
          plural or vice versa.

              6.3  NOTICE.  Any notice required or permitted to be given to
          the  Committee under the Plan  shall be sufficient  if in writing
          and hand delivered, or  sent by registered or certified  mail, to
          the principal office  of THC,  directed to the  attention of  the
          Secretary of the Committee.  Such notice shall be deemed given as
          of  the date of delivery or,  if delivery is made  by mail, as of
          the date shown on the postmark or on the receipt for registration
          or certification.

              6.4   VALIDITY.  In the  event any provision of  this Plan is
          held invalid, void  or unenforceable, the same shall  not affect,
          in any respect whatsoever, the validity of any other provision of
          this Plan.

              6.5    APPLICABLE  LAW.   This  Plan  shall  be governed  and
          construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington.

              6.6   SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST.   This Plan shall  inure to the
          benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by, any corporate
          successor  to THC or successor to substantially all of the assets
          of THC.

              6.7    NO REPRESENTATION  ON  TAX  MATTERS.    THC  makes  no
          representation to Participants regarding current or future income
          tax ramifications of the Plan.

              6.8    EFFECTIVE DATE.  The Plan shall, upon  adoption by the
          Board and approval  of NME,  become effective as  of January  31,
          1990, unless the Plan is previously terminated.























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>10
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.27

                 FIRST AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT


               This FIRST AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
          (the "First Amendment") is being entered into as of October 30,
          1990, between National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada
          corporation ("NME") and The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada
          corporation ("New Hillhaven").

                                       RECITALS

               A. NME and Hillhaven have entered into that certain
          Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990
          (the "Agreement").

               B. Excluded from the reimbursement Obligations (as defined
          in the Agreement) of New Hillhaven under Section 1(a) of the
          Agreement are the Obligations set forth in Appendix B to the
          Agreement ("Appendix B").

               C. The Obligation set forth as item 3 of Appendix B is the
          Obligation with respect to $6,200,000 aggregate principal amount
          of The Industrial Development Authority of the County of Yavapai
          Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Kachina Pointe
          Project) Series 1988 (the "Bonds"). 

               D. Hillhaven Properties, Ltd. ("Hillhaven Properties")
          desires to acquire the Kachina Pointe Project (the "Project"). 
          In connection with its acquisition of the Project, Hillhaven
          Properties must assume the Obligations of the Kachina Pointe
          Limited Partnership (the "Partnership") under its Reimbursement
          Agreement, dated as of August 1, 1988, with Swiss Bank
          Corporation (the "Bank").  The reimbursement obligations of the
          Partnership to the Bank are guarantied by NME pursuant to a
          Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 11, 1988 (the "Guaranty").

               E. In order to induce the Bank to allow Hillhaven
          Properties to assume the obligations of the Partnership under the
          Reimbursement Agreement with the Bank, NME must affirm to the
          Bank that its Guaranty will remain effective with respect to
          Hillhaven Properties to the same extent that it is effective with
          respect to the Partnership, which affirmation is evidenced by
          that certain Affirmation of Guaranty, dated as of even date
          herewith, from NME to the Bank (the "Affirmation").

               F. In order to induce NME to execute the Affirmation, New 
          Hillhaven, which owns all of the issued and outstanding stock of
          Hillhaven Properties, has agreed to amend the Guarantee
          Reimbursement Agreement to delete item 3 from Appendix B.

               NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals
          and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
          intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                      AGREEMENT

               1. Amendment of Agreement.  New Hillhaven and NME hereby
          agree to amend the Agreement by deleting item 3 from Appendix B
          to the Agreement.  Appendix B to the Agreement is hereby amended
          by deleting in its entirety the following: "3. $6,200,000
          aggregate principal amount of The Industrial Development
          Authority of the County of Yavapai Industrial Development Revenue
          Refunding Bonds (Kachina Pointe Project) Series 1988."

               2. Obligations Includes Kachina Pointe Bonds.  New
          Hillhaven and NME hereby agree that upon NME's execution and
          delivery of the above-referenced Affirmation, the Agreement shall
          be amended to include within the definition of Obligations for
          all purposes, including, without limitation, for purposes of
          Section 1, the Kachina Pointe Bond Obligations referred to in
          item 3 of Appendix B, which Obligations have been deleted from
          Appendix B pursuant to paragraph 1 of this First Amendment.

               3. Full Force and Effect.  Except as expressly amended
          hereby, the Agreement remains in full force and effect.

               4. Counterparts.  This First Amendment may be executed in
          several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
          but such counterparts shall together shall constitute but one and
          the same instrument.

               5. Governing Law.  This First Amendment shall be governed
          by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
          California.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          First Amendment to be executed and delivered as of the day and
          year first above stated.

                                             The Hillhaven Corporation, 
                                             a Nevada corporation
            

                                             By: /s/ Robert F. Pacquer      
                          
                                             Name: Robert F. Pacquer

                                             Title: Senior Vice President


                                             National Medical Enterprises,
                                             Inc., a Nevada corporation
            

                                             By: /s/ Marcus E. Powers

                                             Name: Marcus E. Powers

                                             Title: Senior Vice President



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.34
<SEQUENCE>11
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.34

                SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT


               THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
          (the "Amendment") is made and dated as of May 28, 1993, between
          National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("NME")
          and The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation
          ("Hillhaven").

                                       RECITALS

               A.   NME and Hillhaven are parties to that certain Guarantee
          Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990 (as the
          same has been or may from time to time be amended, restated,
          renewed, replaced, modified or supplemented from time to time,
          the "Reimbursement Agreement").  

               B.   Hillhaven has requested that NME enter into that
          certain Pledge and Security Agreement and Master Assignment of
          Mortgages, dated as of May 28, 1993 (the "Pledge Agreement"),
          pursuant to which NME is assigning certain promissory notes from
          Hillhaven to NME, and the mortgages securing such promissory
          notes, to Swiss Bank Corporation, as Collateral Agent, to secure
          NME's obligations under a guaranty of certain of Hillhaven's
          "Obligations" (as defined in the Reimbursement Agreement). 

               C.   In order to induce NME to enter into the Pledge
          Agreement, Hillhaven has agreed to amend the Reimbursement
          Agreement as set forth in this Agreement.

               NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals
          and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
          intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

                                      AGREEMENT

               1.   Section 1(a) of the Reimbursement Agreement hereby is
          amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

                    (a)  Reimbursement.  New Hillhaven shall reimburse
               NME, promptly on demand, for all Obligations (including
               those Obligations set forth in Appendix B to the
               Reimbursement Agreement) paid by NME or its
               subsidiaries after the Distribution Date not
               theretofore reimbursed by New Hillhaven.  Without
               limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event
               that NME pledges or assigns collateral directly or
               indirectly to secure any Obligations or NME's
               obligations with respect thereto, under a guaranty or
               otherwise, the amount to be reimbursed by New Hillhaven
               to NME hereunder with respect to such Obligations shall
               be the greater of (x) the face value of any collateral
               applied to the satisfaction of the Obligations, and any
               other sums then outstanding with respect to such
               collateral, including accrued and unpaid interest 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               thereon, and (y) the fair market value of any collateral,
               and any proceeds thereon, applied to the satisfacton of the
               Obligations (provided, however, that if the collateral is a
               note secured by a mortgage or deed of trust, the fair market
               value of such note shall not include the fair market value
               of the real property securing such note).  Payments and
               notices shall be made or given, as the case may be, in
               accordance with the provisions of Sections 1(c), 3 and 9(b).

               2.   Reimbursement Agreement Remains in Effect.  Except as
          expressly amended hereby, the Reimbursement Agreement shall
          remain in full force and effect.

               3.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
          construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
          California.

               4.   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in
          several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
          but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the
          same instrument.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the day and year
          first above written.


                                   NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., 
                                   a Nevada corporation



                                   By: /s/ Maris Andersons

                                   Title: Executive Vice President 


                                   THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION,
                                   a Nevada corporation



                                   By: /s/ Robert K. Schneider

                                   Title: Vice President & Treasurer














          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.35
<SEQUENCE>12
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.35

                EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT



               This Eighth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement
          ("Amendment") dated as of September 2, 1993, is entered into by
          and between National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada
          corporation ("NME") and The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada
          corporation ("New Hillhaven").

                                       RECITALS

          A.   New Hillhaven and NME are parties to that certain Guarantee
          Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990 (as the
          same has been or may be amended, restated, modified,
          supplemented, renewed or replaced from time to time, the
          "Reimbursement Agreement"), which provides, among other things,
          for the reimbursement by New Hillhaven of all Obligations (as
          defined in the Reimbursement Agreement) paid by NME.  Unless
          otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms used herein shall
          have the same meaning ascribed to such terms in the Reimbursement
          Agreement.

          B.   New Hillhaven, NME, and certain subsidiaries of New
          Hillhaven and NME, have entered into that certain letter
          agreement dated June 22, 1993 (the "June 22 Letter"), which among
          other things, restructures certain relationships of the
          companies.  Among the provisions contained in the June 22 Letter
          that are pertinent to this Reimbursement Agreement, are the
          following:

               (1) New Hillhaven will obtain financing consisting of
               (a) third party bank financing in the approximate
               amount of $400 million, and (b) public or private debt
               financing in the approximate amount of $175 million
               (collectively, the "Financing"), a portion of the
               proceeds of which Financing will be used to (i) repay
               certain Obligations currently guaranteed by NME, and
               (ii) cause NME and/or certain of its subsidiaries to be
               released from certain other Obligations currently
               guaranteed by NME and/or certain of its subsidiaries;

               (2) The annual guarantee fee payable by New Hillhaven
               under this Reimbursement Agreement in connection with
               the Obligations shall be limited to a maximum of 2% of
               the Obligations outstanding and the manner of
               calculating the fee charged on the Obligations
               outstanding shall be revised; and

               (3) NME and/or certain subsidiaries of NME shall assign
               to New Hillhaven's subsidiary, First Healthcare
               Corporation ("FHC"), and FHC shall assume the renewal
               and/or purchase options contained in the Assumed Leases
               (as that term is defined in the Reimbursement
               Agreement) that were not assigned to FHC on or before
               the Distribution Date for those facilities described in

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Exhibit 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by this
               reference (the "Assumed Lease Options"), and those Assumed
               Lease Options shall be added to the Obligations covered by
               this Reimbursement Agreement, as more specifically provided
               herein.

          C.   New Hillhaven and NME desire to amend the Reimbursement
          Agreement as set forth in this Agreement.

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and for
          other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
          intending to be legally bound, hereby agree to amend, modify and
          supplement the Reimbursement Agreement as follows:

                                      AGREEMENT

          1.   Calculation of the Guarantee Fee After Completion of
          Financing.  The provisions of Section 2(c) of the Reimbursement
          Agreement are hereby amended to provide that, commencing with the
          quarterly payment due for the fiscal quarter ending February 28,
          1993, the guarantee fee for each quarter shall be the product of
          (i) the amount of the Obligations outstanding at the close of
          business on the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter
          multiplied by (ii) a fraction which is equal to the applicable
          fraction for the previous fiscal year multiplied by 1.2;
          provided, however, that at no time shall the fraction to be used
          in calculating the guarantee fee exceed 2%.  Furthermore,
          notwithstanding the foregoing guaranty fee provisions, the
          principal amounts of the Obligations described in Exhibit 2 and
          Exhibit 3 attached hereto shall not be included as part of the
          Obligations for the purposes of calculating the guarantee fee in
          the foregoing sentence.  Instead, in accordance with prior
          agreements, (x) New Hillhaven shall pay to NME a guarantee fee of
          1% per annum on those Obligations described in Exhibit 2, and (y)
          no guarantee fee shall be charged on those Obligations described
          in Exhibit 3. 

          2.   Proration of Guarantee Fee on Obligations Paid With Proceeds
          of Financing.  Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary,
          the guarantee fee paid with respect to those Obligations that are
          paid in full, or as to which NME's guaranty has been released,
          with proceeds of the Financing during the fiscal year ending May
          31, 1994 shall be prorated to the date of payoff, based on the
          actual number of days elapsed until such Obligation is paid in
          full or such guaranty has been released.

          3.   Inclusion of the Assumed Lease Options as Obligations.  The
          Assumed Lease Options are hereby added as, and shall be deemed to
          be, "Obligations" under (and as defined in) the Reimbursement
          Agreement, and all terms, covenants and conditions of the
          Reimbursement Agreement shall apply; provided, however, that the
          guarantee fee set forth in Paragraph 1 above shall be charged on
          the aggregate amount of the rents that will become due for the
          renewal period for any such Assumed Lease, commencing on the
          earlier of the date that FHC exercises or is required to exercise
          such Assumed Lease Option, as provided by the terms of the
          assignment of such Assumed Lease Option.  

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




          4.   Inclusion of Certain Assumed Obligations.  To the extent NME
          or any subsidiary or affiliate of NME remains primarily or
          contingently liable therefor, each of the Assumed Existing Debt
          and the Assumed Lease described in Exhibit 4 attached hereto is
          hereby added as, and shall be deemed to be, an "Obligation" under
          (and as defined in) the Reimbursement Agreement, and all terms,
          covenants and conditions of the Reimbursement Agreement,
          including payment of a guarantee fee as provided in Paragraph 1
          above, shall apply to such Assumed Existing Debt and Assumed
          Lease.    

          5.   Reaffirmation of Reimbursement Agreement.  New Hillhaven
          reaffirms that the Reimbursement Agreement, as amended hereby,
          shall remain in full force and effect, and shall continue to be
          binding upon New Hillhaven. 

          6.   Captions.     The captions and headings used herein are for
          the convenience of reference and shall not be construed in any
          manner to limit or modify any of the terms hereof.

          7.   Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by and
          construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

          8.   Counterparts.  This Amendment may be executed in
          counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of
          which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused
          this Amendment to be duly executed on its behalf as of the date
          first set forth above.


                                             NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                                             INC.


                                             By: _________________________

                                             Title: ______________________



                                             THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION


                                             By: _________________________
                                             Title: ______________________











          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                      EXHIBIT 1

          No.       Facility Name

          272       Hughes Springs Nursing Home
                    Hughes Springs, Texas

          273       Pinecrest Convalescent Home
                    Daingerfield, Texas

          274       Coastal Care Center
                    Texas City, Texas

          275       Great Southwest Convalescent Center
                    Grand Prairie, Texas

          292       Twin City Nursing Home
                    Gas City, Indiana

          298       Driftwood Convalescent Hospital
                    Yuba City, California

          299       Marysville Convalescent Hospital
                    Marysville, California

          305       University Nursing Center
                    Upland, Indiana

          880       Four States Nursing Home
                    Texarkana, Texas

          881       Southwest Senior Care Center
                    Las Vegas, New Mexico

          760       Ridgeview Nursing and Convalescent Center
                    Wichita Falls, Texas  76392

          860       Blue Hills Centre
                    Kansas City, Missouri

          849       Iliff Care Center
                    Denver, Colorado

          295       Whitehouse Country Manor
                    Whitehouse, Ohio

          184       Greystone Healthcare Center
                    Blountville, Tennessee

          183       Hillhaven Convalescent Center - Ripley
                    Ripley, Tennessee

          189       Fairpark Healthcare Center
                    Maryville, Tennessee

          179       Hillhaven Convalescent Center of Huntington
                    Huntington, Tennessee


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




          175       Hillhaven of Jefferson City
                    Jefferson City, Tennessee

          171       Hillhaven Convalescent Center
                    Bolivar, Tennessee

                                      EXHIBIT 2


          A ONE PERCENT GUARANTEE FEE IS PAYABLE ON OBLIGATIONS COVERING
          THE FOLLOWING FACILITIES:

          Facility 462:  Queen Anne Care Center, WA
          Facility 158:  Bellingham Care Center,  Bellingham, WA
          Facility 461:  Edmonds Care Center, Edmonds, WA
          Facility 825:  Nansemond Convalescent Center, Suffolk, VA
          Facility 829:  Holmes Convalescent Center, Virginia Beach, VA


                                      EXHIBIT 3


          NO GUARANTEE FEE IS PAYABLE ON OBLIGATIONS COVERING THE FOLLOWING
          FACILITIES:


          Facility 525:  Hillhaven Convalescent Hospital, Orange, CA
          Facility 781:  Bashford East Health Care Center, Bashford, KY
          Facility 804:  Hillhaven Convalescent Center and Nursing Home,
                         Birmingham, AL
          Facility 824:  Hillhaven Convalescent Center & Nursing Home,
                         Mobile, AL
          Facility 160:  First Hill Care Center, WA
          Facility 560:  Franklin Woods Healthcare Center, OH
          Facility 570:  Pickerington Health Care Center, OH
          Facility 822:  Hillhaven Convalescent Center, Memphis, TN
          Facility 416:  Park Place Hillhaven Convalescent Center, Great
                         Falls, MT
          Facility 572:  Canal Winchester, OH -- No guarantee fee shall be
                         payable on the Assumed Lease.  A guarantee shall
                         be payable on the Assumed Existing Debt as
                         provided in Paragraph 1 of the Amendment. 


                                      EXHIBIT 4
                                 ASSUMED OBLIGATIONS

          ASSUMED EXISTING DEBT

          Facility 572: Canal Winchester     Loan Agreement, dated April 1,
                                             1983, between County of
                                             Franklin and Aeon, Inc., with
                                             an outstanding principal
                                             balance as of September 2,
                                             1993 of $1,955,000, secured by
                                             an Open-End Mortgage and
                                             Security Agreement dated April
                                             1, 1983.  
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Facility 416: Park Place           All-Inclusive Promissory
                                             Note Secured by Mortgage,
                                             dated September 1, 1983,
                                             in favor of B.G.M.
                                             Enterprises, with an
                                             outstanding principal
                                             balance as of September
                                             2, 1993 of $257,998.44.

                                             All-Inclusive Promissory
                                             Note Secured by Mortgage,
                                             dated September 1, 1983,
                                             in favor of B.G.M.
                                             Enterprises, with an
                                             outstanding principal
                                             balance as of September
                                             2, 1993 of $1,357,016.39.

          ASSUMED LEASE

          Facility 572: Canal Winchester     Lease and Sublease Agreement,
                                             dated October 10, 1985,
                                             between Aeon, Inc. and First
                                             Healthcare Corporation, and
                                             any amendments thereto. 


































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.49
<SEQUENCE>13
<TEXT>






                                                          Exhibit 10.49

                         AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT


                  AMENDMENT dated as of October 12, 1993 to the Credit
          Agreement dated as of September 1, 1993 (the "Credit Agreement")
          among FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION (the "Borrower"), THE
          HILLHAVEN CORPORATION (the "Guarantor"), the BANKS referred to in
          the Credit Agreement (the "Banks"), the LC ISSUING BANKS referred
          to in the Credit Agreement (the "LC Issuing Banks"), MORGAN
          GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as Agent (the "Agent"),
          CHEMICAL BANK, as Administrative Agent (the "Administrative
          Agent"), and J.P. MORGAN DELAWARE, as Collateral Agent (the
          "Collateral Agent").


                                 W I T N E S S E T H:


                  WHEREAS, in lieu of selling residential units at
          retirement housing facilities in Walpole, Massachusetts and
          Nashua, New Hampshire, the Guarantor or its Subsidiaries have
          heretofore issued, and wish to continue issuing, bonds to tenants
          in amounts related to the value of such residential units, which
          bonds are repayable upon termination of the tenants' respective
          tenancies; and the parties hereto wish to (i) amend Section 5.11
          of the Credit Agreement to permit such bonds to continue to be
          issued and remain outstanding and (ii) amend Section 2.08 of the
          Credit Agreement to avoid mandatory prepayments of the Term Loans
          by reason of the issuance of such bonds; and

                  WHEREAS, the compliance levels required by Sections 5.23
          and 5.24 of the Credit Agreement were negotiated on the basis of
          pro forma figures assuming completion of the transactions
          consummated on the Closing Date; and the parties hereto desire to
          provide that calculations of certain amounts referred to in said
          covenants as of any time prior to the Closing Date will be
          calculated on the same pro forma basis; and

                  WHEREAS, the initial $230,000,000 Minimum Compliance
          Level for Consolidated Tangible Net Worth specified in clause (i)
          of the definition of "Minimum Compliance Level" in Section 5.25
          of the Credit Agreement was determined on a pro forma basis
          reflecting the issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock to be
          issued on the Closing Date; and the parties hereto wish to amend
          clause (iii) of said definition of Minimum Compliance Level to
          exclude such Series D Preferred Stock, so that it will not be
          reflected in the Minimum Compliance Level twice;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                  SECTION 1.  Definitions; References.  Unless otherwise
          specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is
          defined in the Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such
          term in the Credit Agreement.  Each reference to "hereof",
          "hereunder", "herein" and "hereby" and each other similar 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          reference and each reference to "this Agreement" and each other
          similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall from
          and after the date hereof refer to the Credit Agreement as
          amended hereby.

                  SECTION 2.  Amendment of Section 2.08.  Section
          2.08(c)(i)(B) is amended by inserting the words "and paragraph
          (n)" immediately after the words "paragraphs (a) through (l)".

                  SECTION 3.  Amendment of Section 5.11.  Section 5.11 of
          the Credit Agreement is amended by deleting the word "and" at the
          end of paragraph (l), changing the period at the end of paragraph
          (m) to "; and", and adding the following new paragraph (n): 

                  (n)  Debt evidenced by bonds issued by the Guarantor or
             any of its Subsidiaries to tenants of residential units at
             New Pond Village in Walpole, Massachusetts or The Greens at
             Hanover in Nashua, New Hampshire evidencing the obligation
             to repay at the end of their tenancies amounts paid by them
             at the beginning of their tenancies, provided that the
             aggregate outstanding principal amount of all such bonds
             (including any such bonds outstanding on the Closing Date
             and referred to in paragraph (b) above) does not exceed
             $45,000,000.

                  SECTION 4.  Compliance with Sections 5.23 and 5.24.  For
          the purposes of the covenants in Sections 5.23 and 5.24 of the
          Credit Agreement:

                  (i)  if Consolidated Debt for Borrowed Money is to be
             determined as of any date prior to the Closing Date, it
             shall be determined on a pro forma basis as if all Debt that
             the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries repaid on the Closing
             Date had been repaid on June 1, 1993 and all Debt that the
             Guarantor and its Subsidiaries incurred on the Closing Date
             had been incurred on June 1, 1993; and

                  (ii) if Consolidated Tangible Net Worth is to be
             determined as of any date prior to the Closing Date, it
             shall be determined on a pro forma basis as if the Series D
             Preferred Stock that the Guarantor issued on the Closing
             Date had been issued on June 1, 1993.

          The foregoing pro forma adjustments shall not be made for
          purposes of determining compliance with said covenants at any
          time on or after the Closing Date.

                  SECTION 5.  Amendment of Section 5.25.  Section 5.25 of
          the Credit Agreement is amended by adding, at the end of clause
          (iii) of the definition of "Minimum Compliance Level", the phrase
          "(excluding Series D Preferred Stock issued on the Closing
          Date)".

                  SECTION 6.  Governing Law.  This Amendment shall be
          governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
          State of New York.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                  SECTION 7.  Counterparts; Effectiveness.  This Amendment
          may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
          be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
          and hereto were upon the same instrument.  This Amendment shall
          become effective as of the date hereof when the Agent shall have
          received duly executed counterparts hereof signed by the
          Borrower, the Required Banks and the Agents (or, in the case of
          any party as to which an executed counterpart shall not have been
          received, the Agent shall have received telegraphic, telex or
          other written confirmation from such party of execution of a
          counterpart hereof by such party).

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized
          officers as of the day and year first above written.

                                 FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION



                                 By /s/ Robert K. Schneider        
                                   Title:  Vice President
                                             and Treasurer


                                 THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                                 By /s/ Robert K. Schneider        
                                   Title:  Vice President
                                             and Treasurer


                                 BANKS

                                 Managing Agents:

                                 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
                                   OF NEW YORK



                                 By /s/ Diana H. Imhof             
                                   Title:  Associate




                                 CHEMICAL BANK



                                 By /s/ Robert L. Parker           
                                   Title:  Vice President




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                                   AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ Brad W. DeSpain            
                                   Title:  Vice President




                                 THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                 By /s/ Daniel L. Black            
                                   Title:  Senior Vice President
                                             and Manager





                                 THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Ruth I. Dreessen           
                                   Title:  Vice President


                                 CONTINENTAL BANK N.A.



                                 By /s/ David F. McLeese           
                                   Title:  Vice President


                                 THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK
                                   OF JAPAN, LTD.,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY



                                 By /s/ Hiroshi Norizuki           
                                   Title:  Deputy General Manager


                                 NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Pamela F. Randell          
                                   Title:  Vice President




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 BANKS (cont'd)

                                 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ J. Gregory Seibly          
                                   Title:  Vice President


                                 SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK



                                 By /s/ Michael J. Collum          
                                   Title:  Vice President




                                 SWISS BANK CORPORATION,
                                   SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH



                                 By /s/ David L. Parrot            
                                   Title:  Associate Director
                                             Merchant Banking

                                 By /s/ William B. Walzer          
                                   Title:  Associate Director
                                             Accounting




                                 THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK



                                 By /s/ Bruce E. Gordon            
                                   Title:  Director
                                             Health Care Finance



                                 U.S. BANK OF WASHINGTON,
                                   NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ Erin M. Keyser             
                                   Title:  Vice President






          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 BANKS (cont'd)

                                 Co-Agents:


                                 BANK OF HAWAII


                                 By /s/ Robert S. Harrison         
                                   Title:  Vice President



                                 BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS


                                 By /s/ Deborah Y. Gohh            
                                   Title:  Vice President



                                 By /s/ Jennifer Cho               
                                   Title:  Vice President



                                 BHF-BANK


                                 By /s/ Sheldon J. Kleiman         
                                   Title:  Assistant Vice President



                                 By /s/ John P. Judge              
                                   Title:  Assistant Treasurer



                                 KREDIETBANK N.V.


                                 By /s/ Robert Snauffer            
                                   Title:  Vice President



                                 By /s/ Diane M. Grimmig           
                                   Title:  Vice President










          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 BANKS (cont'd)


                                 Lenders:


                                 DRESDNER BANK AG,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY/
                                   GRAND CAYMAN BRANCH



                                 By /s/ Bryan P. Read              
                                   Title:  Assistant Vice President



                                 By /s/ Sidney S. Jordan                  
                                 Title  Vice President




                                 FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF
                                   WASHINGTON, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Donald H. Ralston          
                                   Title:  Vice President




                                 FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS



                                 By /s/ Virginia Stolzenthaler     
                                   Title:  Vice President




                                 THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY


                                 By /s/ Yasuji Ikawa               
                                   Title:  Joint General Manager









          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 AGENTS

                                 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
                                   OF NEW YORK, as Agent



                                 By /s/ Diana H. Imhof             
                                   Title:  Associate



                                 CHEMICAL BANK,
                                   as Administrative Agent



                                 By /s/ Robert L. Parker           
                                   Title:  Vice President



                                 J.P. MORGAN DELAWARE,
                                   as Collateral Agent



                                 By /s/ Robert J. Henchey          
                                   Title:  Vice President






























          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.50
<SEQUENCE>14
<TEXT>






                                                          Exhibit 10.50


                         AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT


                  AMENDMENT NO. 2 dated as of December 30, 1993 to the
          Credit Agreement dated as of September 1, 1993 (as amended by
          Amendment No. 1 thereto dated as of October 12, 1993, the "Credit
          Agreement") among FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION (the "Borrower"),
          THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION (the "Guarantor"), the BANKS referred
          to in the Credit Agreement (the "Banks"), the LC ISSUING BANKS
          referred to in the Credit Agreement (the "LC Issuing Banks"),
          MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as Agent (the
          "Agent"), CHEMICAL BANK, as Administrative Agent (the
          "Administrative Agent"), and J.P. MORGAN DELAWARE, as Collateral
          Agent (the "Collateral Agent").


                                 W I T N E S S E T H:


                  WHEREAS, the Guarantor and the Borrower desire to amend
          the Credit Agreement to allow IRB Letters of Credit (as defined
          in the Credit Agreement) to be issued to backstop letters of
          credit that provide credit support for (i) industrial revenue
          bonds in an aggregate original principal amount of $6,925,000
          that were issued with respect to the Meridian House retirement
          housing facility located in Lantana, Florida or (ii) any other
          industrial revenue bonds or similar instruments issued for the
          benefit of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in
          the Credit Agreement) or any partnership in which the Borrower or
          one of its Subsidiaries is a general partner (or for which the
          Borrower is otherwise liable) that were outstanding on the
          Effective Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and that may
          hereafter be designated by the Borrower by written notice to the
          Banks, in each case subject to the limitation on the aggregate
          original face amount of IRB Letters of Credit that may be issued
          under the Credit Agreement; and

                  WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend the definition 
          of "Designated IRB Debt" contained in the Credit Agreement, as
          well as Schedule IX to the Credit Agreement, to give effect to
          the foregoing;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                  SECTION 1.  Definitions; References.  Unless otherwise
          specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is
          defined in the Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such
          term in the Credit Agreement.  Each reference to "hereof",
          "hereunder", "herein" and "hereby" and each other similar
          reference and each reference to "this Agreement" and each other
          similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall from
          and after the date hereof refer to the Credit Agreement as
          amended hereby.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                  SECTION 2.  Amendment of Section 1.01.  Section 1.01 is
          amended by replacing the definition of "Designated IRB Debt"
          contained therein with the following:

                  "Designated IRB Debt" means industrial revenue bonds or
             similar instruments issued for the benefit of the Borrower,
             any of its Subsidiaries or any partnership in which the
             Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries is a general partner (or
             for which the Borrower is otherwise liable) which are
             outstanding on the Effective Date and (x) identified in
             Schedule IX hereto or (y) designated by the Borrower by
             written notice to the Banks as "Designated IRB Debt" for all
             purposes hereunder.

                  SECTION 3.  Amendment of Schedule IX.  Schedule IX is
          amended by adding the following industrial revenue bond issue as
          new "24." on such schedule, by changing the numbering of the
          subsequent industrial revenue bond issues accordingly and by
          changing the sums of the relevant figures accordingly:

               24.     7138   Meridian House    Bank Cal    6,925,000


                  SECTION 4.  Governing Law.  This Amendment shall be
          governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
          State of New York.

                  SECTION 5.  Counterparts; Effectiveness.  This Amendment
          may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
          be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
          and hereto were upon the same instrument.  This Amendment shall
          become effective as of the date hereof when the Agent shall have
          received duly executed counterparts hereof signed by the
          Borrower, the Required Banks and the Agents (or, in the case of
          any party as to which an executed counterpart shall not have been
          received, the Agent shall have received telegraphic, telex or
          other written confirmation from such party of execution of a
          counterpart hereof by such party).

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized
          officers as of the day and year first above written.

                                 FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION



                                 By /s/ Robert K. Schneider        
                                      Vice President & Treasurer


                                 THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                                 By /s/ Robert K. Schneider        
                                      Vice President & Treasurer


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                           BANKS

                                 Managing Agents:

                                 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
                                   OF NEW YORK



                                 By /s/ Diana H. Imhof             
                                   Title: Associate




                                 CHEMICAL BANK



                                 By /s/ Robert L. Parker           
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                                   AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ Brad W. DeSpain            
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                 By /s/ Lisa Y. Brown              
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Andris G. Kalnins          
                                   Title: Managing Director









          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 CONTINENTAL BANK N.A.



                                 By /s/ Elizabeth M. Nolan         
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK
                                   OF JAPAN, LTD.,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY



                                 By /s/ Yutaka Kamisawa            
                                   Title: Deputy General Manager


                                 NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Pamela F. Randell          
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ J. Gregory Seilby          
                                   Title:  Vice President


                                 SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK



                                 By /s/ Thomas P. Rook             
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 SWISS BANK CORPORATION,
                                   SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH



                                 By /s/ David L. Parrot            
                                   Title: Associate Director
                                          Merchant Banking


                                 By /s/ Colin T. Taylor            
                                   Title: Director Merchant Banking




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK



                                 By /s/ Sara A. Tirner             
                                   Title: Attorney-in-Fact




                                 U.S. BANK OF WASHINGTON,
                                   NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ Erin Keyser                
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 Co-Agents:


                                 BANK OF HAWAII


                                 By /s/ Peter S. Ho                
                                   Title: Assistant Vice President



                                 BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS


                                 By /s/ Judith A. Dowling          
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 By /s/  William LaHerran          
                                   Title: Associate



                                 BHF-BANK


                                 By /s/ Robert Suehnholz           
                                   Title: Senior Vice President



                                 By /s/ Linda Pace                 
                                   Title: Assistant Treasurer






          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 KREDIETBANK N.V.


                                 By /s/ Robert Snauffer            
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 By /s/ Tod R. Angus               
                                   Title: Vice President

                                 Lenders:


                                 DRESDNER BANK AG,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY/
                                   GRAND CAYMAN BRANCH



                                 By /s/ Jon M. Bland               
                                   Title: Senior Vice President



                                 By /s/ Sidney S. Jordan           
                                   Title Vice President




                                 FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF
                                   WASHINGTON, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Donald H. Ralston          
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS



                                 By /s/ Ginger Stolzenthaler       
                                   Title: Vice President











          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY


                                 By /s/ Yasuji Ikawa               
                                   Title: Joint General Manager



                                 THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN,
                                   LIMITED, LOS ANGELES AGENCY


                                 By /s/ Koji Okawa                 
                                   Title: Joint General Manager


                                 AGENTS

                                 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
                                   OF NEW YORK, as Agent



                                 By /s/ Diana H. Imhof             
                                   Title: Associate



                                 CHEMICAL BANK,
                                   as Administrative Agent



                                 By /s/ Robert L. Parker           
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 J.P. MORGAN DELAWARE,
                                   as Collateral Agent



                                 By /s/ Robert J. Henchey          
                                   Title: Vice President













          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.51
<SEQUENCE>15
<TEXT>






                                                          Exhibit 10.51

                         AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT


                  AMENDMENT NO. 3 dated as of May 27, 1994 to the Credit
          Agreement dated as of September 1, 1993 (as heretofore amended,
          the "Credit Agreement") among FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION (the
          "Borrower"), THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION (the "Guarantor"), the
          BANKS referred to in the Credit Agreement (the "Banks"), the LC
          ISSUING BANKS referred to in the Credit Agreement (the "LC
          Issuing Banks"), MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK, as
          Agent (the "Agent"), CHEMICAL BANK, as Administrative Agent (the
          "Administrative Agent"), and J.P. MORGAN DELAWARE, as Collateral
          Agent (the "Collateral Agent").


                                 W I T N E S S E T H:


                  WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Credit
          Agreement (A) to permit the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (i) to
          use a captive insurance company Subsidiary of the Guarantor to
          insure their professional and general liability exposure and (ii)
          to place their excess insurance and reinsurance with one or more
          insurers of equal or better quality as insurers having not less
          than an A.M. Best rating of "A" or "A- XI", and (B) to permit the
          Guarantor to use its captive insurance company Subsidiary to
          provide professional and general liability exposure insurance to
          others; 

                  WHEREAS, the Borrower wishes to finance the cost
          (approximately $1,800,000) of acquiring certain computer
          equipment for use in the Mortgaged Facilities through outside
          lenders which as a condition to such financing require that they
          obtain a first priority Lien on such equipment;

                  WHEREAS, the outside lenders' Lien on such equipment will
          constitute a purchase money Lien permitted by Section 5.12(e) of
          the Credit Agreement, but for technical reasons may not
          constitute a "purchase money security interest" under the Uniform
          Commercial Code with respect to some or all of such equipment and
          therefore may be junior to the Collateral Agent's Lien on such
          equipment under the relevant Mortgages; and

                  WHEREAS, the Guarantor has asked the Banks to permit the
          Collateral Agent to enter into an agreement with the outside
          lenders in order to ensure that they will obtain the first
          priority Lien on such equipment that they have required as a
          condition to financing the acquisition thereof;









          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                  NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                  SECTION 1.  Definitions; References.  Unless otherwise
          specifically defined herein, each term used herein which is
          defined in the Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such
          term in the Credit Agreement.  Each reference to "hereof",
          "hereunder", "herein" and "hereby" and each other similar
          reference and each reference to "this Agreement" and each other
          similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall from
          and after the date hereof refer to the Credit Agreement as
          amended hereby.

                  SECTION 2.  Amendment of Section 5.04.  Section 5.04 is
          amended by replacing clauses (ii) and (iii) thereof with the
          following:

             (ii) professional and general liability insurance (including
             products/completed operations liability coverage) in amounts
             not less than those listed in part B of Schedule X hereto
             and (iii) such other insurance coverage in such amounts and
             with respect to such risks as the Required Banks may
             reasonably request.  The Guarantor and its Subsidiaries may
             use a captive insurance company Subsidiary of the Guarantor
             to insure their professional and general liability exposure,
             provided that excess insurance and reinsurance are carried
             in such amounts as are customary with owners of similar
             businesses, and said excess insurance and reinsurance are
             placed with companies having not less than an A.M. Best
             rating "A" or "A- XI" or with other insurers of equal or
             better quality.  The foregoing shall not prohibit the
             Guarantor from maintaining insurance coverage with X.L.
             Insurance Company, Ltd., in amounts, and with deductibles,
             not exceeding those in effect on the Closing Date and
             covering such risks as are covered by X.L. Insurance
             Company, Ltd. under policies in effect on the Closing Date.

                  SECTION 3.  Permitted Lines of Business.  The undersigned
          parties hereby waive the provisions of Section 5.08 of the Credit
          Agreement to the extent, if any, required to permit a captive
          insurance company Subsidiary of the Guarantor to insure the
          professional and general liability exposure of the Guarantor and
          its Subsidiaries and to provide such insurance to others.  Except
          as expressly waived hereby, the provisions of Section 5.08 of the
          Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

                  SECTION 4.  Entry into Agreement to Subordinate by the
          Collateral Agent.  In order to permit the Borrower to finance the
          cost (approximately $1,800,000) of acquiring certain computer
          equipment for use in the Mortgaged Facilities through outside
          lenders which as a condition to such financing require that they
          obtain a first priority Lien on such equipment, the Collateral
          Agent is authorized and directed, if requested to do so by the
          Borrower, to enter into an agreement with such lenders, in form
          and substance satisfactory to the Agent, for the purpose of
          subordinating the Collateral Agent's Lien on such equipment under
          the relevant Mortgages to the Lien of such lenders securing
          advances made to finance the cost of such equipment.  


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                  SECTION 5.  Governing Law.  This Amendment shall be
          governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
          State of New York.

                  SECTION 6.  Counterparts; Effectiveness.  This Amendment
          may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
          be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
          and hereto were upon the same instrument.  This Amendment shall
          become effective as of the date hereof when the Agent shall have
          received duly executed counterparts hereof signed by the
          Borrower, Banks having at least 90% of the aggregate amount of
          the Credit Exposures (said 90% to be calculated net of any
          participating interests as to which such Banks are not permitted
          to vote pursuant to directions given in accordance with Section
          10.06(b) of the Credit Agreement), the Agent and the Collateral
          Agent (or, in the case of any party as to which an executed
          counterpart shall not have been received, the Agent shall have
          received telegraphic, telex or other written confirmation from
          such party of execution of a counterpart hereof by such party).

                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized
          officers as of the day and year first above written.

                                 FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION



                                 By /s/ Robert Schneider                    
                                      Vice President & Treasurer



                                 THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



                                 By /s/ Robert Schneider            
                                      Vice President & Treasurer

                                 BANKS

                                 Managing Agents:

                                 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
                                   OF NEW YORK



                                 By /s/ Diana H. Imhof              
                                   Title: Associate








          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                 CHEMICAL BANK



                                 By /s/ Neil R. Boylan              
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                                   AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ Brad DeSpain                
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 THE BANK OF NEW YORK



                                 By /s/ Lisa Y. Brown               
                                   Title: Vice President





                                 THE CHASE MANHATTAN BANK, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Michael K. Bayley           
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 CONTINENTAL BANK N.A.



                                 By /s/ David F. McLeese            
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 THE LONG-TERM CREDIT BANK
                                   OF JAPAN, LTD.,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY



                                 By /s/ Yutaka Kamisawa             
                                   Title: Deputy General Manager


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                 NATIONSBANK OF TEXAS, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Pamela Randell Levy         
                                   Title: Senior Vice President


                                 PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ J. Gregory Seibly           
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK



                                 By /s/ Thomas P. Rook              
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 SWISS BANK CORPORATION,
                                   SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH



                                 By /s/ David L. Parrot             
                                   Title: Associate Director                
                                           Merchant Banking


                                 By /s/ Hans-Ueli Surber            
                                   Title: Executive Director
                                          Merchant Banking



                                 THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK



                                 By /s/ Warren Finlay               
                                   Title: Manager Credit



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                 U.S. BANK OF WASHINGTON,
                                   NATIONAL ASSOCIATION



                                 By /s/ Erin Keyser                 
                                   Title: Vice President


                                 Co-Agents:


                                 BANK OF HAWAII


                                 By /s/ Peter S. Ho                 
                                   Title: Assistant Vice President



                                 BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS


                                 By /s/ Deborah Y. Gohh             
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 By /s/ Jennifer Cho                
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 BHF-BANK


                                 By /s/ Evon Contos                 
                                   Title: Vice President



                                 By /s/ Peter J. Becker             
                                   Title: Assistant Vice President



                                 KREDIETBANK N.V.


                                 By /s/ Robert Snauffer             
                                   Title: Vice President







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                 Lenders:


                                 DRESDNER BANK AG,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY/
                                   GRAND CAYMAN BRANCH



                                 By /s/ Kenneth I. Bowman           
                                    Title: Vice President



                                 By /s/ Jon M. Bland                
                                   Title: Senior Vice President




                                 FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF
                                   WASHINGTON, N.A.



                                 By /s/ Donald H. Ralston           
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS



                                 By /s/ Ginger Stolzenthaler        
                                   Title: Vice President




                                 THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED,
                                   LOS ANGELES AGENCY


                                 By /s/ Yasuji Ikawa                
                                      Title: Joint General Manager



                                 THE INDUSTRIAL BANK OF JAPAN,
                                   LIMITED, LOS ANGELES AGENCY


                                 By /s/ Toshinari Iyoda                   
                                      Title: Senior Vice President


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 AGENTS

                                 MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY
                                   OF NEW YORK, as Agent



                                 By /s/ Diana H. Imhof                      
                                      Title: Associate



                                 J.P. MORGAN DELAWARE,
                                   as Collateral Agent



                                 By /s/ Robert J. Henchey           
                                   Title: Vice President
            







































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.52
<SEQUENCE>16
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.52

                                 AGREEMENT AND WAIVER


               This AGREEMENT AND WAIVER (this "Agreement") dated as of
          September ___, 1993, by and among National Medical Enterprises,
          Inc., a Nevada corporation ("NME"), the subsidiaries of NME which
          are signatories hereto, The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada
          corporation ("Hillhaven"), and First Healthcare Corporation, a
          Delaware corporation ("FHC").

                                     WITNESSETH:

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Revolving Credit and Term
          Loan Agreement dated as of January 31, 1990 between NME and
          Hillhaven, as amended by that certain First Amendment thereto
          dated as of November 12, 1992 (as amended, the "Revolving Credit
          Agreement"), NME agreed to make certain loans to Hillhaven
          through May 31, 1994 subject to the conditions set forth therein;
          and 

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Commitment Letter dated
          May 31, 1990, between NME and FHC, as amended by that certain
          Amendment No. One thereto dated as of May 1, 1991 (as amended,
          the "Commitment Letter"), NME agreed to make certain loans to FHC
          subject to the conditions set forth therein; and

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Master Loan Agreement
          dated as of April 1, 1992 among the lenders parties thereto, NME,
          FHC and Hillhaven, as amended by that certain First Amendment
          thereto dated as of November 12, 1992 (as amended, the "Master
          Loan Agreement"), the lenders which were parties thereto agreed
          to finance up to 100% of the purchase price of the facilities
          referred to therein; and

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Guaranty dated as of April
          1, 1992 from Hillhaven in favor of the lenders listed thereon
          (the "Master Loan Agreement Guaranty"), Hillhaven guaranteed the
          obligations of FHC under the Master Loan Agreement; and

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Master Loan Agreement for
          Purchase of Nine Facilities dated as of June 1, 1992 among the
          lenders parties thereto and FHC (the "Second Master Loan
          Agreement"), the lenders which were parties thereto agreed to
          finance up to 100% of the purchase price of the facilities
          referred to therein; and

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Guaranty dated as of June
          1, 1992 from Hillhaven in favor of the lenders listed thereon
          (the "Second Master Loan Agreement Guaranty"), Hillhaven
          guaranteed FHC's obligations under the Second Master Loan
          Agreement; and

               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Promissory Note dated
          January 31, 1990 (the "Promissory Note") by FHC in favor of NME
          Properties Corp., a Tennessee corporation (formerly known as The
          Hillhaven Corporation), FHC owes certain monies to NME Properties
          Corp.; and 
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Note Guarantee Agreement
          dated as of January 31, 1990 among Hillhaven, NME and the payees
          identified therein (the "Note Guarantee Agreement"), Hillhaven
          guaranteed FHC's obligations under the Promissory Note; and 

               WHEREAS, Hillhaven is restructuring its relationship with
          NME to, inter alia, repay amounts owing to NME pursuant to the
          Master Loan Agreement, the Second Master Loan Agreement and the
          Promissory Note, and terminate NME's commitment to loan funds
          pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement and the Master Loan
          Agreement; and

               WHEREAS, in connection therewith the parties desire to
          eliminate NME's commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement,
          and the Master Loan Agreement, and to terminate Hillhaven's
          obligations under the Master Loan Agreement Guaranty, Second
          Master Loan Agreement Guaranty and Note Guarantee Agreement; and

               WHEREAS, the aforesaid restructuring will be financed
          through (1) the issuance by Hillhaven to NME or its subsidiaries
          of $120 million of a newly created series of payable-in-kind
          preferred stock, (2) the incurrence by FHC of up to $360 million
          of indebtedness in the form of term loans, letters of credit and
          working capital loans under a secured credit facility with Morgan
          Guaranty Trust Company of New York and a syndicate of other
          lenders (the "Bank Financing"), (3) the sale by Hillhaven of
          senior subordinated notes in the approximate amount of $175
          million (the "Notes"), (4) the extension of FHC's commercial
          paper program backed by certain of its (and certain of its
          subsidiaries') Medicaid accounts receivable and increase in
          permitted borrowings under such program from $30.0 million to
          $40.0 million and (5) the use of available cash; and

               WHEREAS, in connection with the Bank Financing, Hillhaven
          has transferred its bank accounts to FHC; and

               WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 5(a), 5(b) and 5(i) of that
          certain Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, as amended (as so
          amended, the "Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement"), Hillhaven
          agreed, inter alia, to certain covenants which may be violated as
          a result of the Bank Financing, the Notes and the transfer of
          bank accounts to FHC;

               NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals
          and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
          adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto
          intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

               1.   Termination of Obligations to Lend.  NME's obligations
          to loan funds to Hillhaven under the Revolving Credit Agreement,
          the Master Loan Agreement, the Second Master Loan Agreement, the
          Promissory Note and the Commitment Letter shall terminate as of
          the date hereof.  

               2.   Termination of Guarantees.  Hillhaven's obligations
          under the Master Loan Agreement Guaranty, Second Master Loan
          Agreement Guaranty and Note Guarantee Agreement shall terminate
          as of the date hereof.  

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               3.   Waiver.  NME hereby waives compliance with the
          following provisions of the Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement:

                    (a)  Sections 5(a) and 5(b) of the Guarantee
                         Reimbursement Agreement are hereby waived to the
                         extent necessary to permit (i) the transactions
                         contemplated by the Bank Financing, including the
                         placement of mortgages on facilities owned by FHC
                         or its subsidiaries, the substitution of
                         facilities as collateral and any subsequent
                         addition of collateral, and (ii) the issuance of
                         the Notes.

                    (b)  Section 5(i) of the Guarantee Reimbursement
                         Agreement is hereby waived to the extent necessary
                         to permit Hillhaven to transfer any or all of its
                         bank accounts to FHC.

               4.   Costs.  Each party shall bear its own cost and expenses
          in connection with the transactions contemplated in this
          Agreement.  
               5.   Cooperation.  The parties agree to execute and deliver
          such other documents and instruments and do all such other acts
          and things as may be reasonably required to give effect to the
          agreements contained in this Agreement.

               6.   Amendment.  No amendment or modifications of this
          Agreement shall be effective unless in writing signed by the
          parties.

               7.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
          construed in accordance with California law.  

               8.   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in
          counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of
          which together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

               9.   No Further Waiver.  The waivers set forth herein shall
          be effective only for the specific purposes for which given.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused
          this Agreement to be duly executed on its behalf as of the date
          first set forth above.



                                        NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.,
                                        a Nevada corporation


                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 






          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                        NME PROPERTIES CORP.,
                                        a Tennessee corporation


                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        NME PROPERTIES, INC.,
                                        a Delaware corporation


                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        NME PROPERTY HOLDING CO., INC.,
                                        a Delaware corporation


                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        NME PROPERTIES WEST, INC.,
                                        a Delaware corporation

                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        HAMMOND HOLIDAY HOME, INC.,
                                        a Kansas corporation

                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        SEDGWICK CONVALESCENT CENTER, INC.,
                                        a Kansas corporation

                                   
                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        NORTHWEST CONTINUUM CARE 
                                           CENTER, INC.,
                                        a Washington corporation

                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                        FLAGG INDUSTRIES, INC.,
                                        a California corporation


                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        GUARDIAN MEDICAL SERVICES, INC.,
                                        a North Carolina corporation

                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        NHE ARIZONA, INC., 
                                        an Arizona corporation

                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        LAKE HEALTH CARE FACILITIES, INC.,
                                        a Delaware corporation

                                        By: /s/ Timothy Pullen              
                
                                        Its: Vice President 


                                        THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION,
                                        a Nevada corporation

                                        By: /s/ Robert K. Schneider         
                     
                                        Its: Vice President & Treasurer


                                        FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                                        a Delaware corporation

                                        By: /s/ Robert K. Schneider         
                    
                                        Its: Vice President & Treasurer












          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                 
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.53
<SEQUENCE>17
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.53

                                  NOVATION AGREEMENT


               THIS NOVATION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of
          April 29, 1994, among HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION (the
          "Issuer"), BANQUE INDOSUEZ, New York Branch ("Banque Indosuez"),
          BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS, San Francisco Agency ("Banque
          Nationale"), BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS
          ASSOCIATION ("Bank of America"), and SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK
          ("Seafirst").  Collectively, Banque Indosuez and Banque Nationale
          shall be called the "Prior Banks", and Bank of America and
          Seafirst shall be called the "Successor Banks".

               The Issuer, the Prior Banks as "Banks," and Banque Indosuez
          as agent for the Banks ("Agent") have entered into a Liquidity
          Agreement dated as of July 1, 1990 and amended September 17, 1991
          and November 23, 1992 (as so amended, the "Liquidity Agreement"). 
          Pursuant to the Liquidity Agreement, the Issuer and Morgan
          Guaranty Trust Company of New York ("Morgan Guaranty"), as
          collateral agent (the "Collateral Agent") have entered into a
          Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of July 1, 1990 (the
          "Pledge Agreement").

               The parties hereto wish to substitute the Successor Banks as
          "Banks" under the Liquidity Agreement in lieu of the Prior Banks,
          to substitute Bank of America as Agent under the Liquidity
          Agreement in lieu of Banque Indosuez, and to substitute Seafirst
          as Collateral Agent under the Liquidity Agreement and the Pledge
          Agreement in lieu of Morgan Guaranty.

               NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree on and as of the
          date hereof:

               1.   The Issuer represents and warrants to the Successor
          Banks that:  the Liquidity Agreement is in full force and effect
          and has not been altered, modified, waived, amended or revoked;
          no Loans or Supported Notes (as those terms are defined in the
          Liquidity Agreement) or any other amounts under the Liquidity
          Agreement or the Pledge Agreement are outstanding; this Agreement
          constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
          Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with the terms
          hereof; no consents or approvals, other than those herein
          contained, are necessary to the execution and delivery of this
          Agreement by the Issuer; no Collateral (as defined in the Pledge
          Agreement) is in the possession of Morgan Guaranty as Collateral
          Agent; the Issuer is not in default under the Liquidity Agreement
          or the Pledge Agreement; and to the best knowledge of the Issuer,
          Banque Indosuez is not in default under the Liquidity Agreement
          either in its capacity as Bank or in its capacity as Agent,
          Morgan Guaranty is not in default in its capacity as Collateral
          Agent, and Banque Nationale is not in default under the Liquidity
          Agreement.

               2.   The Prior Banks each represent and warrant to the
          Successor Banks that:  the Liquidity Agreement is in full force
          and effect and has not been altered, modified, waived, amended or

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          revoked; no Loans or any other amounts under the Liquidity
          Agreement or the Pledge Agreement are outstanding, and to the
          best of the Prior Banks' knowledge, no Supported Notes (as those
          terms are defined in the Liquidity Agreement), are outstanding;
          such Prior Bank is the legal and beneficial owner of the rights
          transferred hereunder, which are subject to no lien, charge or
          encumbrance whatsoever; this Agreement constitutes the legal,
          valid and binding obligation of such Prior Bank, enforceable
          against it in accordance with the terms hereof; no consents or
          approvals, other than those herein contained, are necessary to
          the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Prior Bank;
          and to the best knowledge of the Prior Banks, the Issuer is not
          in default under the Liquidity Agreement or the Pledge Agreement
          and Morgan Guaranty is not in default in its capacity as
          Collateral Agent.

               3.   Morgan Guaranty represents and warrants to the
          Successor Banks that to the best of its knowledge and belief it
          has taken all necessary actions to release, terminate or assign
          its security interest in all Purchased Receivables (as defined in
          the Master Sales and Servicing Agreement dated as of July 1, 1990
          among Hillhaven Funding Corporation, First Healthcare
          Corporation, Northwest Health Care, Inc., Pasatiempo Development
          Corp., The Hillhaven Corporation and certain wholly-owned
          subsidiaries of the Hillhaven Corporation, which may become
          parties thereto as provided therein (the "Sales Agreement")). 
          Further, Morgan Guaranty (a) hereby releases and assigns to
          Seafirst, as successor Collateral Agent, any right, title or
          interest in any bank account (including without limitation the
          Collateral Account and the Collection Account (as defined in the
          Pledge Agreement) and all amounts, securities or investments
          deposited or held therein; (b) hereby releases and assigns to
          Seafirst, as successor Collateral Agent, any right title or
          interest in the Records (as defined in the Pledge Agreement); (c)
          hereby releases and assigns to Seafirst, as successor Collateral
          Agent, any right, title or interest in any and all Eligible
          Investments (as defined in the Sales Agreement); and (d) hereby
          releases and assigns to Seafirst, as successor Collateral Agent,
          all additions and accessions to, and all substitutions or
          replacements for, and all payments, proceeds, products,
          distributions (whether in money, securities or other property)
          and collections from or with respect to any and all of the
          foregoing.  

               4.   Banque Indosuez represents to the Successor Banks that
          Banque Indosuez is not in default under the Liquidity Agreement
          either in its capacity as Bank or in its capacity as Agent. 
          Banque Nationale represents to the Successor Banks that Banque
          Nationale is not in default under the Liquidity Agreement.

               5.   Banque Indosuez resigns as Agent under the Liquidity
          Agreement.  As Banks under the Liquidity Agreement, Banque
          Indosuez and Banque Nationale each appoint Bank of America as
          successor Agent.  Bank of America accepts this appointment, and
          the Issuer consents thereto.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               6.   Bank of America as successor Agent under the Liquidity
          Agreement removes Morgan Guaranty as Collateral Agent under the
          Pledge Agreement and appoints Seafirst Bank as successor
          Collateral Agent.  Seafirst Bank accepts this appointment, and
          the Issuer consents thereto.

               7.   The Prior Banks each assign to the Successor Banks
          jointly and severally all rights of the Prior Banks in their
          capacity as Banks under the Liquidity Agreement.  The Successor
          Banks accept such assignment and jointly and severally assume all
          obligations of the Prior Banks in their capacity as Banks under
          the Liquidity Agreement.

               8.  This Agreement constitutes a novation by which the
          Successor Banks are substituted for the Prior Banks as Banks
          under the Liquidity Agreement, Bank of America is substituted for
          Banque Indosuez as Agent under the Liquidity Agreement, and
          Seafirst is substituted for Morgan Guaranty as Collateral Agent
          under the Pledge Agreement.

               9.  The Prior Banks and the Successor Banks acknowledge that
          as of the date hereof, National Medical Enterprises, Inc. ("NME")
          will be released from its shortfall guaranty provided pursuant to
          the terms of that certain letter agreement dated July 1, 1990,
          from NME to Banque Indosuez.

               10.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
          accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving
          effect to the principles of conflict of laws.  The undersigned
          hereby irrevocably consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of
          any New York State or federal court sitting in the City of New
          York over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or
          relating to, this Agreement and hereby irrevocably waive any
          objection to the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding as
          well as any objection with respect thereto of inconvenient forum.

               11.  Except as expressly modified herein, each of the
          Liquidity Agreement and Pledge Agreement shall remain in full
          force and effect, and such agreements are hereby ratified and
          confirmed in all respects.

               12.  Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or
          unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall as to such jurisdiction
          be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
          unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
          hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such
          provision in any other jurisdiction.  To the extent permitted by
          applicable law, the parties waive any provision of law which
          renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any
          respect.

               13.  This Agreement shall become effective on the date on
          which the Issuer shall have paid Banque Indosuez as agent for the
          Prior Banks in immediately available funds, the amount of
          $36,164.48 (together with, if applicable, interest at the rate of
          $150.00 for each day subsequent to April 29, 1994 and prior to
          closing under the Liquidity Agreement with the Successor Banks). 
          The Issuer shall provide evidence satisfactory to the Successor 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Banks prior to the date of closing under the Liquidity Agreement
          that such amounts have been paid in full.

               14.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple
          counterparts, and by different parties on separate counterparts,
          each of which shall be an original, but all of which together
          shall constitute a single instrument.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Agreement to be executed by their officers thereunto duly
          authorized as of the date and year first above written.

                                   ISSUER:

                                   HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION, a Nevada
                                   Corporation


                                   By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider
                                   Its: Vice President & Treasurer


                                   PRIOR BANKS:

                                   BANQUE INDOSUEZ, New York Branch, in its
                                   capacity as Agent and as Bank


                                   By:  /s/ Katherine B. Merle 
                                   Its: First Vice President

                                   By:  /s/ Padma S. Desai
                                   Its: Assistant Vice President


                                   BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS, San Francisco
                                   Agency, as Bank


                                   By:  /s/ Deborah Y. Gohh
                                   Its: Vice President


                                   BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS, San Francisco
                                   Agency, as Bank

                                   By:  /s/ Jennifer Y. Cho
                                   Its: Vice President


                                   PRIOR COLLATERAL AGENT:

                                   MORGAN GUARANTY TRUST COMPANY OF NEW
                                   YORK, as prior Collateral Agent


                                   By:  /s/ Lloyd A. Baggs
                                   Its: Trust Officer

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                   SUCCESSOR BANKS:

                                   BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
                                   SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as successor Agent
                                   under the Liquidity Agreement and as a
                                   Bank under the Liquidity Agreement


                                   By:  /s/ Brad DeSpain
                                   Its: Vice President


                                   SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK, as
                                   successor Collateral Agent under the
                                   Liquidity Agreement and the Pledge
                                   Agreement and as a Bank under the
                                   Liquidity Agreement


                                   By:  /s/ Thomas P. Rook
                                   Its: Vice President






































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.54
<SEQUENCE>18
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.54

                                 AMENDED AND RESTATED

                         MASTER SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT



                                        among



                            HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION,

                            FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION,

                             NORTHWEST HEALTH CARE, INC.,

                            PASATIEMPO DEVELOPMENT CORP.,

                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                                         and

                          CERTAIN WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES
                             OF THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                               WHICH MAY BECOME PARTIES
                              HERETO AS PROVIDED HEREIN

           










                              Dated as of April 29, 1994


















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       Page

          ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS                                         1
               Section 1.1.   Definitions                                1
               Section 1.2.   Accounting Terms                          14

          ARTICLE II  SALES OF RECEIVABLES                              14
               Section 2.1.   Sales of Receivables                      14
               Section 2.2.   Repurchase of Certain Purchased 
                              Receivables                               17
               Section 2.3.   Termination                               18

          ARTICLE III  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES                   18
               Section 3.1.   Representations and Warranties of 
                              the Seller                                18
               Section 3.2.   Representations and Warranties of the 
                              Seller Relating to the Agreement and 
                              the Receivables                           20
               Section 3.3.   Representation and Warranties of 
                              Hillhaven                                 21
               Section 3.4.   Representations and Warranties of 
                              Northwest                                 23
               Section 3.5.   Representations and Warranties of 
                              Pasatiempo                                26

          ARTICLE IV  COVENANTS                                         28
               Section 4.1.   Covenants of the Seller                   28
               Section 4.2.   Covenants of Hillhaven                    32
               Section 4.3.   Covenants of Northwest                    35
               Section 4.4.   Covenants of Pasatiempo                   38

          ARTICLE V  ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES        41
               Section 5.1.   General                                   41
               Section 5.2.   Servicer Compensation                     42
               Section 5.3.   Expenses                                  42
               Section 5.4.   Repurchase by Servicers                   42
               Section 5.5.   Master Servicer                           43
               Section 5.6.   Notices to the Seller                     43

          ARTICLE VI  ALLOCATION AND APPLICATION OF COLLECTIONS         44
               Section 6.1.   Establishment of Issuer Accounts; 
                              Investments                               44
               Section 6.2.   Collections and Allocations               44
               Section 6.3.   Application of Collection Account and
                              Collateral Account                        44
               Section 6.4.   Purchase Money Note                       47
               Section 6.5.   Daily Reports                             47
               Section 6.6.   Adjustment Procedures                     47
               Section 6.7.   Adjustments for Miscellaneous Credits
                              and Erroneous Charges                     49

          ARTICLE VII  CERTAIN MATTERS RELATING TO THE SELLER           50
               Section 7.1.   Merger or Consolidation of, or 
                              Assumption of the Obligations of, 
                              the Seller                                50


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          ARTICLE VIII  OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO SERVICING             50
               Section 8.1.   Liability of the Servicers and Master
                              Servicer; Indemnification                 50
               Section 8.2.   Merger or Consolidation of, or 
                              Assumption of the Obligations of, 
                              the Servicers or Master Servicer          50
               Section 8.3.   Servicers and Master Servicer 
                              Not To Resign                             51
               Section 8.4.   Delegation of Duties                      51
               Section 8.5.   Monitoring                                51
               Section 8.6.   Confidentiality                           52

          ARTICLE IX  SERVICING DEFAULTS                                52
               Section 9.1.   Servicing Defaults                        52
               Section 9.2.   Appointment of Successor Servicer or
                              Successor Master Servicer                 55
               Section 9.3.   Collection of Medicaid Payments 
                              by Servicers                              56

          ARTICLE X  MATTERS RELATING TO THE ISSUER                     57
               Section 10.1.  Recourse                                  57
               Section 10.2.  Inspection of Books and Records           57

          ARTICLE XI  INDEMNITY                                         57
               Section 11.1.  Indemnity                                 57

          ARTICLE XII  MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS                         62
               Section 12.1.  Transfer Termination Date                 62
               Section 12.2.  Termination of Agreement;
                              Sale of Receivables                       62
               Section 12.3.  Amendment                                 62
               Section 12.4.  Intention of the Parties                  62
               Section 12.5.  Governing Law                             62
               Section 12.6.  Notices                                   63
               Section 12.7.  Severability of Provisions                65
               Section 12.8.  Assignment                                65
               Section 12.9.  Further Assurances                        65
               Section 12.10. No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies            65
               Section 12.11. Counterparts                              66
               Section 12.12. Binding Effect; Benefit of Agreement      66
               Section 12.13. Nonpetition Covenant                      66
               Section 12.14. Headings                                  66
               Section 12.15. General Provision as to Payments          66
               Section 12.16. Additional Parties Hereto                 66
               Section 12.17. Arbitration                               67
               Section 12.18. Replacement of Original Master Sale 
                              and Servicing Agreement                   68

          EXHIBITS

          A    Northwest Agreement
          B    Pasatiempo Agreement
          C    Settlement Statement
          D    Confirming Assignment
          E    Northwest Confirming Assignment
          F    Pasatiempo Confirming Assignment
          G    Hillhaven Note
          H    Purchase Money Note
          I    Daily Report
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          SCHEDULES

          I  -   Conditions Precedent to Closing Date
          II -   Principal Place of Business, Location of Records, List of
                 Facilities
          III -  Excluded Facilities

                           AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER SALE
                               AND SERVICING AGREEMENT


               THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER SALE AND SERVICING
          AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is dated as of April 29, 1994, among
          HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation and a wholly-
          owned subsidiary of The Hillhaven Corporation (the "Issuer"), THE
          HILLHAVEN CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation ("Hillhaven", or, in
          its capacity as such, the "Master Servicer"), FIRST HEALTHCARE
          CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
          of Hillhaven (the "Seller"), PASATIEMPO DEVELOPMENT CORP., a
          California corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
          Seller ("Pasatiempo" or, in its capacity as a servicer hereunder
          with respect to Pasatiempo Receivables, a "Servicer"), and
          NORTHWEST HEALTH CARE, INC., an Idaho corporation and a wholly-
          owned subsidiary of the Seller ("Northwest" or, in its capacity
          as a servicer hereunder with respect to Northwest Receivables, a
          "Servicer"; and, together with the Seller in its capacity as a
          Servicer with respect to Purchased Receivables originated by the
          Seller and Pasatiempo in its capacity as a Servicer with respect
          to Pasatiempo Receivables, collectively, the "Servicers").  In
          addition, as provided herein, certain wholly-owned subsidiaries
          of Hillhaven may become parties hereto.

               This Agreement amends and restates that certain Master Sale
          and Servicing Agreement dated as of July 1, 1990 among the
          Issuer, Hillhaven, the Seller, Pasatiempo and Northwest (as
          amended, the "Original Master Sale and Servicing Agreement"). 
          The Original Master Sale and Servicing Agreement was amended by
          the First Amendment to Master Sale and Servicing Agreement dated
          as of June 1, 1991 among the Issuer, the Seller, Hillhaven,
          Pasatiempo, Northwest, and Banque Indosuez, New York Branch as
          the Agent and as a Bank, and by the Omnibus Second Amendment to
          Liquidity Agreement and Second Amendment to Master Sale and
          Servicing Agreement by and among the foregoing and by Banque
          Nationale de Paris, San Francisco Agency as a Bank, dated
          November 23, 1992.

               The parties hereto agree as follows:

                                      ARTICLE I

                                     DEFINITIONS

               Section 1.1.  Definitions.  All capitalized terms used
          herein undefined shall have the respective meanings set forth
          below:

                    "Affiliate"  shall have the meaning ascribed in the
          Liquidity Agreement.  "Affiliates"  shall have a correlative
          meaning.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Agency Receivable"  shall mean, at any time, any
          Medicaid Receivable which is listed in the Seller's (or, in the
          case of Northwest Receivables or Pasatiempo Receivables,
          Northwest's or Pasatiempo's, as the case may be) computer records
          as an "Agency Receivable" and which was not originated at an
          Excluded Facility.

                    "Amortization Event" shall mean any of the following
          events:

                         (a)  the Seller or Hillhaven shall fail (i) to
               make (or cause to be made) any payment or deposit on or
               before the date occurring five Business Days after the date
               when it is required to do so under the terms of this
               Agreement; or (ii) to observe or perform in any material
               respect any of its other covenants or agreements, set forth
               herein for a period of five Business Days (in the case of
               covenants contained in Section 2.2 or 6.7) or 30 days (in
               the case of other covenants and agreements herein) after
               there shall have been given, by registered or certified mail
               to the Seller or Hillhaven, as the case may be, by the
               Issuer or the Liquidity Agent Bank, a written notice
               specifying such failure and requiring it to be remedied;

                         (b)  the Receivables Information, any
               representation or warranty made (or deemed made) by the
               Seller, Northwest, Pasatiempo or Hillhaven or any
               information required to be given by the Seller, Northwest,
               Pasatiempo or Hillhaven to the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent
               Bank with respect to the Purchased Receivables as a whole
               proves to have been incorrect in any material respect with
               respect to the Purchased Receivables as a whole when made
               (or deemed made) or when delivered;

                         (c)  involuntary proceedings or an involuntary
               petition shall be commenced or filed against Hillhaven,
               Northwest, Pasatiempo or the Seller under any bankruptcy,
               insolvency or similar law or seeking dissolution or
               reorganization of Hillhaven, Northwest, Pasatiempo or the
               Seller or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian
               or liquidator for Hillhaven, Northwest, Pasatiempo or the
               Seller or a substantial part of the property, assets or
               business of Hillhaven, Northwest, Pasatiempo or the Seller,
               or any writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment,
               execution or similar process shall be issued or levied
               against a substantial part of the property, assets or
               business of Hillhaven, Northwest, Pasatiempo or the Seller
               and such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or
               such writ, order, judgment, warrant or attachment, execution
               or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully
               bonded (or an order to continue business under existing
               contracts obtained), within 21 days after commencement,
               filing or levy, as the case may be;

                         (d)  Hillhaven, Northwest, Pasatiempo or the
               Seller shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable
               Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law
               now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law,
               or consent to the appointment or taking possession by a
               receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
               sequestrator or similar official of Hillhaven, Northwest,
               Pasatiempo or the Seller or for any substantial part of any
               of their respective property, or make any general assignment
               for the benefit of creditors, or the failure by Hillhaven,
               Northwest, Pasatiempo or the Seller generally to pay its
               debts as such debts become due, or the taking of any action
               by Hillhaven, Northwest, Pasatiempo or the Seller in
               furtherance of any of the foregoing;

                         (e)  the Issuer is or becomes an "investment
               company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of
               1940, as amended; or the Issuer or any of its Securities
               becomes subject to a registration requirement under any
               Applicable Securities Law;

                         (f)   a Servicing Default shall have occurred and
               be continuing;

                         (g)  an Event of Default under the Liquidity
               Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing;

                         (h)  Issuer Equity is at any time less than zero;
               or

                         (i)  the consolidated net worth (the sum of
               (A) the consolidated common stockholder's equity minus
               (B) to the extent included in determining such consolidated
               common stockholder's equity (i) goodwill and (ii) general
               intangibles) of Hillhaven and its consolidated subsidiaries
               as at the end of any fiscal quarter shall be less than
               $150,000,000 and such condition shall continue unremedied
               for a period of 30 days.

                    "Applicable Securities Law" shall mean any of: (i) the
          Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act
          of 1934, as amended, and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
          amended, (ii) all state securities and "blue sky" laws; or
          (iii) any other Requirement of Law imposed by the United States
          or any Governmental Authority thereof or therein pertaining to
          the distribution, investment, holding or disposition of
          securities.

                    "Authorized Officer" shall mean (i) the President, any
          Vice President, the Secretary or the Treasurer of the Master
          Servicer or any Servicer, as the case may be, or (ii) any other
          person duly authorized by the Master Servicer or any Servicer, as
          the case may be, to perform any act or discharge any duty in
          connection with the execution, issuance, and delivery of this
          Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

                    "Balance" shall mean, at the time of reference with
          respect to any Receivable, the outstanding balance of such
          Receivable.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Business Day" shall mean any day other than a
          Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions or
          trust companies in Seattle or Tacoma, Washington, Los Angeles,
          California or Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania are authorized or
          obligated by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed.

                    "Closing Date" shall mean, with respect to matters
          arising under the Original Master Sale and Servicing Agreement,
          the date designated as such by the Seller thereunder and on which
          the conditions specified thereunder were satisfied, and with
          respect to matters arising on and after the date hereof, the date
          designated as such by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.1(b) by
          notice in writing to the Issuer, and on which the conditions
          specified in Schedule I are satisfied.

                    "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
          amended, and any regulations (including, without limitation,
          temporary and proposed regulations) thereunder.

                    "Collateral Account" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 6.1.

                    "Collateral Agent" shall mean Seattle-First National
          Bank or any successor Collateral Agent under the Pledge
          Agreement.

                    "Collection Account" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 6.1.

                    "Collection Period" shall mean each calendar month
          during the term of this Agreement; provided, that, the initial
          Collection Period shall commence on the Closing Date and end on
          the last day of the calendar month immediately following the
          calendar month in which the Closing Date occurs.

                    "Collections" shall mean, in each case regardless of
          the form of payment: (i) all payments in respect of Purchased
          Receivables; (ii) all payments of the Repurchase Price under
          Section 2.2 or 5.4; and (iii) all adjustments pursuant to
          Sections 6.6(i) and 6.7.

                    "Confirming Assignment" shall have the meaning
          specified in Section 2.1(e).

                    "Contractual Obligation" shall mean, as to any Person,
          any provision of any Security issued by such Person or of any
          agreement, instrument or undertaking of any kind to which such
          Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.

                    "Controlled Group" shall mean all members of a
          controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses
          (whether or not incorporated) under common control which,
          together with Hillhaven, are treated as a single employer under
          Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code.

                    "Credits Outstanding" shall mean, on any date, the
          aggregate principal amount of Liquidity Loans then outstanding.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Daily Facility Costs" shall mean, for each day, the
          aggregate of:

                         (i)  all interest expense of the Issuer accruing
               for such day with respect to all Liquidity Loans, plus

                         (ii)  all interest expense of the Issuer accruing
               for such day with respect to the Purchase Money Note and the
               Hillhaven Note, plus

                         (iii)  all liabilities of the Issuer for
               commitment, facility and other fees accruing for such day
               pursuant to the Liquidity Agreement, plus

                         (iv)  the sum of all amounts payable by the Issuer
               on (or accruing for) such day with respect to the
               transactions contemplated hereby and by the Liquidity
               Agreement and the Related Documents in respect of the
               following: (1) fees and expenses of the Collateral Agent,
               (2) legal, auditing, printing, reproduction and closing fees
               and expenses, (3) auditors', accountants' and attorneys'
               fees and expenses, (4) franchise, income and other taxes of
               the Issuer, (5) Servicing Fees, (6) without duplication, all
               other amounts (including, without limitation, fees,
               indemnities, expenses, prepayment premiums and compensation
               in respect of increased costs or capital adequacy) of any
               kind or description under the Liquidity Agreement or any
               Related Document and (7) any other administrative fees and
               expenses incurred by the Issuer not exceeding $50,000 for
               any one item of such administrative fees and expenses
               referred to in this subclause (7) and not exceeding $100,000
               in the aggregate for each successive twelve-month period for
               all such items of administrative fees and expenses referred
               to in this subclause (7).

                    "Daily Report" shall mean the report in the form
          attached as Exhibit I.

                    "Date of Processing" shall mean, with respect to any
          Receivable, the Business Day on which such Receivable is first
          recorded by input in the respective Servicer's computerized
          customer record file (without regard to the effective date of
          such recordation).

                    "Defaulted Receivable"  shall mean each Purchased
          Receivable, other than an Ineligible Receivable, which the
          respective Servicer has written off as uncollectible in
          accordance with such Servicer's customary and usual servicing
          procedures for servicing Receivables comparable to the Purchased
          Receivables; provided, that, no Purchased Receivable which has
          been written off or compromised as permitted by Section 4.1(j),
          4.3(j) or 4.4(j) (whether or not a payment in respect thereof is
          required under Section 6.7) shall be a Defaulted Receivable. 
          Subject to the foregoing, a Receivable shall become a Defaulted
          Receivable on the date on which such Receivable is recorded as
          written off on the respective Servicer's computerized customer
          record file.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Discount Factor" shall mean 98.6%.

                    "Dollars" and "$" mean lawful currency of the United
          States.

                    "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income
          Security Act of 1974, as amended.

                    "Excluded Facilities" shall mean those facilities of
          the Seller, Northwest or Pasatiempo at which are originated
          Agency Receivables with respect to which the Seller is unable to
          convey to the Issuer title that is free and clear of all Liens. 
          The Excluded Facilities on the Execution Date are listed in
          Schedule III; subsequent to the Execution Date, "Excluded
          Facilities" shall mean those facilities listed in Schedule III,
          as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time in writing
          by notice from the Issuer to the Liquidity Agent Bank and the
          Collateral Agent.

                    "Execution Date" shall mean April 29, 1994, the date
          this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto.

                    "Governmental Authority" shall mean any nation or state
          or any political subdivision thereof and any person or entity
          exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
          administrative functions of or pertaining to government,
          including without limitation any court or tribunal.

                    "Hillhaven Note" shall mean the subordinated promissory
          note of the Issuer to Hillhaven, in substantially the form of
          Exhibit G hereto, which Note shall evidence any advances made to 
          the Issuer by Hillhaven.

                    "Ineligible Receivable" shall mean any Receivable:

                         (a)  which is not denominated and payable solely
               (i) in Dollars, (ii) in the continental United States, and
               (iii) by an Obligor which is a United States Person;

                         (b)  which was not originated by the Seller (or,
               in the case of Northwest Receivables or Pasatiempo
               Receivables, by Northwest or by Pasatiempo, as the case may
               be) in compliance with all Requirements of Law and
               Contractual Obligations applicable to the Seller, Northwest
               or Pasatiempo, as the case may be, or to the respective
               Receivable; or was not properly entered into consistent with
               the Seller's (or, in the case of Northwest Receivables or
               Pasatiempo Receivables, Northwest's or Pasatiempo's, as the
               case may be) usual and customary credit policies, practices
               and procedures;

                         (c)  with respect to which any consent, license,
               approval or authorization of, or filing, registration or
               declaration with, any Governmental Authority or other Person
               required to be obtained, effected or given in connection
               with the creation of such Receivable or its transfer to the
               Issuer pursuant hereto (or in the case of Northwest
               Receivables or Pasatiempo Receivables, its transfer to the
               Seller pursuant to the Northwest Agreement or the Pasatiempo
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Agreement, as the case may be) or its pledge pursuant to the
               Pledge Agreement, has not been duly obtained, effected or
               given or is not irrevocable and in full force and effect;

                         (d)  as to which, at the time of the transfer of
               such Receivable to the Issuer, the Seller was not the sole
               owner thereof or did not have good and marketable title
               thereto free and clear of all Liens;

                         (e)  which is not the legal, valid and binding
               payment obligation of the Obligor thereon, enforceable
               against such Obligor in accordance with its terms;

                         (f)  which does not constitute either an "account"
               or a "general intangible" under and as defined in Article 9
               of the UCC;

                         (g)  which at the time of its transfer to the
               Issuer had been (or subsequent thereto becomes) waived or
               modified in any respect except as permitted under this
               Agreement;

                         (h)  which is subject to any right of rescission,
               setoff, counterclaim or defense;

                         (i)  as to which the Seller (or, in the case of
               Northwest Receivables or Pasatiempo Receivables, any of the
               Seller, Pasatiempo or Northwest) has done anything, at the
               time of transfer (or subsequent thereto), to impair the
               rights of the Issuer (or of the Seller) except as permitted
               under this Agreement;

                         (j)  that is the subject of any material dispute
               as to whether the services which were the subject of the
               Purchased Receivables were properly rendered between the
               related Obligor and the Seller (or, in the case of Northwest
               Receivables or Pasatiempo Receivables, between the related
               Obligor and any of the Seller, Pasatiempo or Northwest);

                         (k)  becomes a Purchased Receivable following the
               Seller (or the respective Servicer or the Master Servicer)
               having determined that the related Obligor (i) is bankrupt
               or insolvent or (ii) is the Obligor on another Purchased
               Receivable which is a Defaulted Receivable;

                         (l)  is not an Agency Receivable;

                         (m)  as to which any of the applicable
               representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2
               hereof are not true and correct on and as of all times
               prior to the payment and satisfaction in full of such
               Receivable; or 

                         (n)  which was originated by the Seller (or
               in the case of Northwest Receivables or Pasatiempo
               Receivables, any of the Seller, Pasatiempo or
               Northwest) as part of a Medicaid program in which the
               Seller, Northwest or Pasatiempo, as the case may be,
               shall have been disqualified by any Governmental
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Authority, or with respect to which any Governmental
               Authority shall have commenced a proceeding or given notice
               of its intent to commence a proceeding seeking such a
               disqualification, whether or not such program shall have
               been disqualified or proceeding commenced prior to or
               subsequent to origination of such Receivable; or which is
               defined as an Account Ineligible for Borrowing under the
               Borrowing Plan attached as Exhibit A to the Liquidity
               Agreement.

                    "Issuer Accounts" shall have the meaning specified in
          Section 6.1.

                    "Issuer Equity" shall mean on any date, in each case
          for the period beginning on the incorporation date of the Issuer
          and ending as of the close of business on such date: (A) the sum
          of (i) the aggregate cash received by the Issuer as the
          subscription price for its stock or as a contribution to capital
          plus (ii) the cumulative net income of the Issuer minus (B) the
          aggregate amount of Restricted Payments paid by the Issuer.

                    "JCAHO" shall mean the Joint Commission on the
          Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations and any successor
          thereto.

                    "Lien" shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge,
          hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien
          (statutory or other), preference, priority or other security
          agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature
          whatsoever, including, without limitation, any conditional sale
          or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having
          substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing
          and the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or
          comparable law of any jurisdiction to evidence any of the
          foregoing.

                    "Liquidity Agent Bank" shall mean Bank of America
          National Trust and Savings Association, or any successor Agent as
          defined in the Liquidity Agreement.

                    "Liquidity Agreement" shall mean the Amended and
          Restated Liquidity Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among
          the Issuer, the Liquidity Banks, the Liquidity Agent Bank, and
          the Collateral Agent as from time to time amended, supplemented
          or modified.

                    "Liquidity Banks" shall mean the Banks as defined in
          the Liquidity Agreement.

                    "Liquidity Facility Termination Date" shall mean, at
          any time, the then current Expiration Date as defined in the
          Liquidity Agreement.

                    "Liquidity Loans" shall mean the loans made by the
          Liquidity Banks to the Issuer under the Liquidity Agreement.

                    "Master Servicer" shall mean Hillhaven or any successor
          Master Servicer pursuant hereto.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Medicaid Receivable" shall mean any Receivable with
          respect to which the Obligor is a state Governmental Authority
          (or agent thereof) obligated to pay, pursuant to federal and
          state Medicaid program statutes and regulations, for services
          rendered to eligible beneficiaries thereunder and not in contra-
          vention of any statute or regulation applicable thereto.

                    "Minimum Equity Percentage" shall mean, on any date on
          or after a Settlement Date but prior to the next succeeding
          Settlement Date, the percentage change (stated as a positive
          number) from Line 12 (Total Borrowing Base) to Line 8 (Total
          Assigned Accounts Outstanding, this certificate) of the Borrowing
          Base Certificate as presented to the Banks on the immediately
          preceding Settlement Date. 
                    "Minimum Issuer Equity" shall mean, on any date, the
          product of (i) the Credits Outstanding on such date multiplied by
          (ii) the Minimum Equity Percentage on such date, but in no event
          less than zero; provided, that on any date that there are Credits
          Outstanding, the Minimum Issuer Equity shall be at least
          $1,000,000.

                    "Northwest Agreement" shall mean the amended and
          restated Agreement, dated the date hereof, between the Seller and
          Northwest, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, as
          amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.

                    "Northwest Confirming Assignment" shall have the
          meaning specified in Section 2.1(e).

                    "Northwest Receivable" shall mean Northwest's patient
          accounts (and any and all rights to receive payments due or to
          become due thereon and any direct or indirect Proceeds thereof)
          sold to the Seller pursuant to the Northwest Agreement.

                    "Novation Agreement" shall mean the Novation Agreement
          dated as of the date hereof by and among the Issuer, Banque
          Indosuez, New York Branch, Banque Nationale de Paris, San
          Francisco Agency, and the Liquidity Banks.

                    "Obligor" shall mean with respect to any Receivable,
          the Person or Persons obligated to make payments with respect to
          such Receivable, including any guarantor thereof.

                    "Officer's Certificate" shall mean, with respect to any
          Person, a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of such
          Person.

                    "Opinion of Counsel" shall mean a favorable written
          opinion of counsel, who, unless otherwise specified, may be
          counsel for, or an employee of, the Person providing the opinion
          and who shall be reasonably acceptable to the Liquidity Agent
          Bank.

                    "Pasatiempo Agreement" shall mean the amended and
          restated Agreement, dated the date hereof, between the Seller and
          Pasatiempo, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, as
          amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Pasatiempo Confirming Assignment" shall have the
          meaning specified in Section 2.1(e).

                    "Pasatiempo Receivable" shall mean Pasatiempo's patient
          accounts (and any and all rights to receive payments due or to
          become due thereon and any direct or indirect Proceeds thereof)
          sold to the Seller pursuant to the Pasatiempo Agreement.

                    "PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty
          Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its
          functions under ERISA.

                    "Person" shall mean any individual, estate,
          corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock
          company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof),
          unincorporated organization, or government or any agency or
          political subdivision thereof.

                    "Plan" shall mean at any time an employee pension
          benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to
          the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code and
          is either (i) maintained by a member of the Controlled Group for
          employees of a member of the Controlled Group or (ii) maintained
          pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement or any other
          arrangement under which more than one employer makes
          contributions and to which a member of the Controlled Group is
          then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or
          has within the preceding five plan years made contributions.

                    "Pledge Agreement" shall mean the Amended and Restated
          Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
          between the Issuer and the Collateral Agent, in the form of
          Exhibit C to the Liquidity Agreement, as from time to time
          amended, supplemented or modified.

                    "Proceeds" shall have the meaning set forth in
          Section 9-306 of the UCC and shall include, without limitation,
          any and all proceeds of any applicable insurance, indemnity,
          warranty or guaranty, any and all payments (in any form
          whatsoever) made or due and payable from time to time in
          connection with the requisition, confiscation, condemnation,
          seizure or foreclosure by any governmental body, authority,
          bureau or agency (or any person acting under color of
          Governmental Authority), and all other amounts from time to time
          payable under or in connection with any of the Receivables, in
          each case wherever located or deposited.

                    "Purchase Money Note" shall mean the unsecured short-
          term purchase money obligation of the Issuer, substantially in
          the form of Exhibit H hereto.

                    "Purchase Price" shall mean, on any date, with respect
          to any Receivable, the product of its then outstanding Balance
          and the Discount Factor.

                    "Purchased Receivable" shall mean any Agency Receivable
          (including, without limitation, any Re-eligible Receivable)
          purchased by the Issuer hereunder or under the Original Master
          Sale and Servicing Agreement.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Receivables" shall mean each of (i) the Seller's
          patient accounts, (ii) Northwest Receivables, (iii) Pasatiempo
          Receivables, (iv) any and all rights to receive payments due or
          to become due on any thereof, and (v) any direct or indirect
          Proceeds of any thereof.

                    "Receivables Information" shall mean all information
          concerning the Purchased Receivables at any time or from time to
          time provided, either orally or in writing (including by
          microfilm or microfiche), by or on behalf of the Seller,
          Northwest or Pasatiempo or any of their respective affiliates to
          the Liquidity Agent Bank.

                    "Records" shall mean all ledger sheets, files, records,
          documents, computer tapes and correspondence, whether presently
          existing or hereafter created pertaining to any Purchased
          Receivables.

                    "Re-eligible Receivable"  shall mean any Ineligible
          Receivable which, following repurchase thereof by the Seller, has
          ceased to be an Ineligible Receivable.

                    "Reference Rate" shall mean, on any day, the rate of
          interest publicly announced by the Liquidity Agent Bank in
          Los Angeles, California, from time to time in its sole discretion
          as its Reference Rate, and may not be the lowest rate charged to
          its customers.  Loans may be priced at, above or below the
          Reference Rate, which is merely a reference rate with respect to
          which effective rates of interest are calculated.

                    "Regional Center" shall mean the center at which
          Records pertaining to the Purchased Receivables are maintained. 
          As of the Execution Date, the Regional Center shall mean the
          center located at 1149 Market Street, Tacoma, Washington 98402 or
          any other center as shall subsequently be designated by the
          Seller in a written notice to the Liquidity Agent Bank, the
          Collateral Agent and the Issuer.

                    "Regulatory Change" shall mean any change after the
          date hereof in any Requirement of Law or any interpretation,
          directive or request of or by any Governmental Authority -
          (whether or not having the force of law) or in the interpretation
          or administration of any or all thereof.

                    "Related Documents"  shall mean this Agreement, the
          Northwest Agreement, the Pasatiempo Agreement, the Liquidity
          Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Purchase Money Note, the
          Hillhaven Note, and the Novation Agreement, in each case, as from
          time to time amended, supplemented or modified.

                    "Repurchase Price" shall mean, on any date, with
          respect to any Purchased Receivable, an amount equal to the then
          Balance of such Purchased Receivable.

                    "Required Liquidity Banks" shall have the meaning set
          forth for Required Banks in the Liquidity Agreement.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Requirement of Law" for any Person shall mean the
          certificate of incorporation and by-laws or other organizational
          or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule
          or regulation, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other
          determination of an arbitrator or Governmental Authority, in each
          case applicable to or binding upon such Person or to which such
          Person is subject.

                    "Restricted Payment" shall have the meaning set forth
          in the Liquidity Agreement.

                    "Security" shall have the meaning ascribed in
          Section 2(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

                    "Servicing Default" shall have the meaning specified in
          Section 9.1.

                    "Servicing Fees" shall have the meaning specified in
          Section 5.2.

                    "Settlement Date" shall mean the 23rd calendar day of
          each month during the term of this Agreement (commencing with the
          calendar month immediately following the end of the initial
          Collection Period) or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the
          next succeeding Business Day.

                    "Settlement Statement" shall mean the monthly
          settlement statement in the form of Exhibit C to be delivered by
          the Master Servicer pursuant to Section 6.6.

                    "Successor Master Servicer" shall have the meaning
          specified in Section 9.2(a) hereof.

                    "Successor Servicer" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 9.2(a) hereof.

                    "Termination Notice" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 9.1.

                    "Transfer Termination Date" shall mean the earliest to
          occur of (i) the Business Day following the day on which an
          Amortization Event occurs; provided, that from and after the date
          that any Amortization Event is no longer continuing, the Transfer
          Termination Date shall be deemed not to have occurred, (ii) the
          120th day prior to the Liquidity Facility Termination Date or
          (iii) the date of any termination pursuant to Section 2.3.

                    "UCC" unless the context otherwise requires, shall mean
          the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the relevant
          jurisdiction, as amended from time to time.

                    "United States Person" means (i) in the case of a
          natural Person, a Person who is a citizen or permanent resident
          of, and whose permanent residence is in, the United States; and
          (ii) otherwise, a Person organized under the laws of, and whose
          principal place of business and the location of whose principal
          assets is located in, the United States.

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 1.2.  Accounting Terms.  As used herein and in any
          certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto
          or thereto, accounting terms not defined in Section 1.1, and
          accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1 to the extent not
          defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under
          generally accepted accounting principles.

                                      ARTICLE II

                                 SALES OF RECEIVABLES

               Section 2.1.  Sales of Receivables.

               (a)  No Sale Prior to Closing Date.  No sale of Agency
          Receivables shall occur hereunder prior to the Closing Date
          except such sales that have occurred in accordance with the
          Original Master Sales and Servicing Agreement.

               (b)  Designation and Effectiveness of Closing Date. 
          Following execution hereof, the Seller may send notice to the
          Issuer of a proposed Closing Date.  If, on the proposed Closing
          Date, the conditions specified in Schedule I hereto have been
          satisfied, the Closing Date shall be deemed to have occurred on
          such proposed Closing Date for all purposes hereof and of the
          Related Documents.

               (c) On the Closing Date.  The Seller does hereby sell,
          transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Issuer on
          the Closing Date (without any further action by the parties),
          without recourse (except as specifically provided herein), and
          the Issuer does hereby purchase from the Seller on the Closing
          Date, all right, title and interest of the Seller in, to and
          under its Agency Receivables existing at the Closing Date,
          together with all monies due or to become due and all amounts
          received with respect thereto and all Proceeds thereof, subject
          to the limitations and restrictions of Section 9.3 hereof.

               (d) After the Closing Date.  On each Business Day after the
          Closing Date and prior to the Transfer Termination Date, the
          Seller shall, without any further action by itself or any other
          Person, sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to
          the Issuer, and the Issuer, without further action by itself or
          any other Person, shall purchase from the Seller, all right,
          title and interest of the Seller in, to and under its Agency
          Receivables created (or acquired) subsequent to the last sale
          hereunder and in, to and under all of its Re-eligible Receivables
          which became Re-eligible Receivables subsequent to the last sale
          hereunder, together with all monies due or to become due and all
          amounts received with respect thereto and all Proceeds thereof,
          subject to the limitations and restrictions of Section 9.3
          hereof.

               (e) General Provisions as to Transfers.  (i) The Seller
          shall deliver to the Issuer on the Closing Date and on each
          Settlement Date a duly executed and appropriately completed
          Confirming Assignment (each, a "Confirming Assignment") in
          substantially the form of Exhibit D hereto; on the Closing Date
          and on each Settlement Date the Seller will deliver to the Issuer
          the duly executed and appropriately completed corresponding
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Northwest Confirming Assignments or Pasatiempo Confirming
          Assignments (each a "Northwest Confirming Assignment" or a
          "Pasatiempo Confirming Assignment," as the case may be), in
          substantially the forms of Exhibits E and F hereto, with respect
          to Northwest Receivables and Pasatiempo Receivables included in
          the Confirming Assignment then being delivered.  Failure to
          deliver any such Confirming Assignment, Northwest Confirming
          Assignment or Pasatiempo Confirming Assignment shall not limit or
          otherwise affect the absolute conveyance of the Agency
          Receivables pursuant to Subsections (a) or (b) above, as the case
          may be.

                    (ii) In connection with the initial sale hereunder, the
          Seller, Northwest and Pasatiempo each agrees to record and file,
          at its own expense, financing statements (and continuation
          statements with respect to such financing statements when
          applicable) with respect to all of its Agency Receivables (now in
          existence or hereafter created, acquired or arising) meeting all
          requirements of applicable law in such manner and in such
          jurisdictions as are necessary to provide notice of the sale and
          assignment of its respective Agency Receivables to the Issuer
          (or, in the case of Northwest and Pasatiempo, to the Seller), and
          to deliver a file-stamped copy of such financing statements or
          other evidence of such filing to the Issuer and the Liquidity
          Agent Bank on or prior to the Closing Date.

                    (iii) In connection with each sale hereunder, the
          Seller further agrees, at its own expense:  (x) on or prior to
          the date of such sale to indicate in its computer files (and, in
          the case of Northwest Receivables or Pasatiempo Receivables, to
          cause Northwest or Pasatiempo, as the case may be, to indicate in
          its computer files) that the Agency Receivables being sold or
          resold, as the case may be, on such date have been transferred to
          the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement, and (y) on a monthly
          basis, to generate a computer list identifying each of the Agency
          Receivables which has been sold or resold, as the case may be,
          and containing details as to the Obligors thereon and other
          relevant information which a prudent healthcare provider would
          maintain with respect to its patient accounts.  The computer
          list(s) referred to in the preceding clause (y), shall be held in
          trust for the Issuer, the Liquidity Banks, the Collateral Agent
          and the Liquidity Agent Bank in separate containers (prominently
          marked to reflect the foregoing) and in safe places at the
          respective Regional Centers.  The same shall be at all times open
          to inspection and audit by the Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank,
          the Liquidity Banks, the Collateral Agent and their respective
          representatives.  During the continuance of an Amortization
          Event, all such list(s) shall, at the request of the Liquidity
          Agent Bank or the Collateral Agent be delivered to, or upon the
          direction of, the Liquidity Agent Bank or the Collateral Agent,
          as the case may be.

                    (f)  (i) Payment of Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price
          payable by the Issuer for the Purchased Receivables on the
          Closing Date shall be payable by Federal funds.  The aggregate
          Purchase Price payable on the Closing Date with respect to Agency
          Receivables sold to the Issuer on the Closing Date under
          Section 2.1(a) will be calculated on an estimated basis.  On the

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          first Settlement Date, any discrepancies between actual Balances
          and estimated Balances shall be adjusted as part of the regular
          adjustment process specified in Section 6.6.

                         (ii) The Purchase Price payable by the Issuer for
          the Purchased Receivables being purchased on any Business Day
          after the Closing Date shall be paid to the Seller in cash
          (except to the extent the Purchase Money Note is used as
          permitted by Section 6.4).

                    (g)  No Transfer of Liability.  No sale pursuant hereto
          shall constitute or is intended to result in a creation or an
          assumption by the Issuer of any liability or obligation
          including, without limitation, any obligation to any Obligors of
          the Seller, any Servicer or any other Person in connection with
          the Receivables, pursuant to any Contractual Obligation relating
          thereto or in any other manner whatsoever.

               Section 2.2.  Repurchase of Certain Purchased Receivables. 
          In the event that (i) any Purchased Receivable is or becomes at
          any time an Ineligible Receivable or (ii) there is a breach of
          any representation, warranty or covenant under Section 3.1, 3.2,
          3.4, 3.5, 4.1, 4.3 or 4.4 with respect to any Purchased
          Receivable which breach would have a material adverse effect on
          the interests of the Issuer or the Liquidity Banks in such
          Purchased Receivable, then, if the foregoing is continuing on the
          first Settlement Date occurring at least 30 days after the
          earlier to occur of the discovery of any such event by the Seller
          or receipt by the Seller of written notice of any such event
          given by the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent
          Bank or the Collateral Agent, the Seller shall repurchase all
          such Purchased Receivables by depositing in the Collection
          Account in immediately available funds an amount equal to the
          Repurchase Price for such Receivables.  Any such repurchased
          Receivables shall be treated as if paid in full in the Collection
          Period in which such obligation to repurchase arises.  Such
          Repurchase Price shall be treated as a collection of the related
          Purchased Receivables in the Collection Period in which the
          obligation to repurchase such Receivables arose and shall be
          applied in accordance with Article VI.  Upon each repurchase by
          the Seller of such a Purchased Receivable, the Issuer hereby
          appoints the respective Servicer to effect, automatically and
          without further action on the Issuer's part, the sale, transfer,
          assignment, set over and other conveyance to the Seller on behalf
          of the Issuer, without recourse, representation or warranty, of
          all the right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to such
          Purchased Receivable, all monies due or to become due with
          respect thereto, and all Proceeds thereof.  The Issuer shall
          execute such documents and instruments of transfer or assignment
          and take such other actions as shall reasonably be requested by
          the Seller to effect the conveyance of such Purchased Receivable
          pursuant to this subsection.  The obligation of the Seller to
          repurchase any such Purchased Receivable pursuant to this
          Section 2.2 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.  The
          parties intend that this Section 2.2 not be applied to provide
          direct or indirect assurance to the Issuer against loss by reason
          of the bankruptcy or insolvency (or other credit condition) of,
          or default by the Obligor on, or the uncollectability of, any
          Purchased Receivable.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 2.3.  Termination.  The Seller may, upon 30 days
          prior written notice to the Issuer and the Liquidity Agent Bank,
          terminate its right and obligation to sell Receivables to the
          Issuer hereunder.  Upon the effectiveness of such termination,
          the provisions of this Agreement pertaining to purchases under
          Section 2.1(b) of the Seller's Receivables shall terminate.  All
          other provisions hereof, including, without limitation, all other
          obligations of the Seller hereunder, shall remain in effect.

                                     ARTICLE III

                            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

               Section 3.1.  Representations and Warranties of the Seller. 
          The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer as of the
          date hereof and as of each date on which any Receivables are sold
          hereunder that:

                         (a)  Organization, Good Standing and Due
               Qualification.  The Seller is duly organized and validly
               existing in good standing under the laws of its state of
               incorporation, and has, in all material respects, full
               corporate power, authority and legal right to own its
               property and conduct its business as contemplated by the
               Related Documents and as such property is presently owned
               and such business is presently conducted, and to execute,
               deliver and perform its obligations under the Related
               Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party.  The Seller
               is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as
               a foreign corporation (or is exempt from such requirements)
               and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in
               each jurisdiction in which failure to so qualify or to
               obtain such licenses and approvals would have a material
               adverse effect on the Seller's ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents to which it is, or
               is to be, a party.  The Seller is a direct or indirect
               wholly owned subsidiary of Hillhaven.

                         (b)  Due Authorization.  The execution and
               delivery of the Related Documents to which it is, or is to
               be, a party by the Seller and the consummation of the
               transactions provided for therein have been duly authorized
               by the Seller by all necessary corporate action on the part
               of the Seller.

                         (c)  No Conflict.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Agency Receivables, would not have a material adverse effect
               on the business, operations, assets or financial or other
               condition of the Seller or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Agency Receivables, the execution and delivery of the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, the
               performance of the transactions contemplated thereby and the
               fulfillment of the terms thereof, will not conflict with,
               result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of,
               or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               both) a default under, any Contractual Obligation applicable
               to the Seller or any of its properties.

                         (d)  No Violation.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Agency Receivables, would not have a material adverse effect
               on the business, operations, assets or financial or other
               condition of the Seller or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Agency Receivables, the execution and delivery of the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, the
               performance thereof, the transactions contemplated hereby
               and thereby and the fulfillment of the terms thereof, will
               not conflict with or violate any Requirement of Law
               applicable to the Seller or any of its properties.

                         (e)  No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or
               investigations, to the best knowledge of the Seller, pending
               or threatened against the Seller, before any court,
               regulatory body, administrative agency, or other tribunal or
               Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any
               Related Document or the Agency Receivables, (ii) seeking to
               prevent the consummation of any of the transactions
               contemplated by the Related Documents, (iii) seeking any
               determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
               affect the performance by the Seller of its obligations
               under the Related Documents, (iv) seeking any determination
               or ruling that would materially and adversely affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Agency Receivables, or (v) seeking to affect adversely the
               income tax attributes of the beneficial ownership interests
               in the Issuer under the United States federal, or any
               applicable state, income tax systems.

                         (f)  No Default.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Agency Receivables, would not have a material adverse effect
               on the business, operations, assets or financial and other
               condition of the Seller or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Agency Receivables, the Seller is not in breach or default
               of any Contractual Obligation, and is not in violation of
               any Requirement of Law, applicable to it or its properties.

                         (g)  Good Title.  None of the Seller's Agency
               Receivables has been sold, assigned or pledged to any Person
               other than the Issuer.  Immediately prior to their
               conveyance to the Issuer hereunder the Seller has good title
               thereto, free and clear of any Lien, and, as of each date
               Agency Receivables are sold hereunder, the Seller will have
               conveyed good title to such Agency Receivables to the Issuer
               free and clear of any Lien.

                         (h)  Sole Owner.  Immediately prior to their
               conveyance to the Issuer hereunder the Seller is the sole
               owner of all right, title and interest in and to the
               Purchased Receivables.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (i)  Receivables Information.  The Receivables
               Information does not contain any untrue statement of a
               material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
               make the statements in the Receivables Information, in light
               of the circumstances in which they were made, not
               misleading.

                         (j)  Place of Business.  The chief executive
               office of the Seller and location of the Records pertaining
               to its respective Receivables is the address listed for the
               Seller on Schedule II hereto.

                    The representations and warranties set forth in this
          Section 3.1 shall survive each sale and assignment of Agency
          Receivables to the Issuer hereunder, and termination of the
          rights and obligations of the Seller as a Servicer pursuant to
          Section 9.1.

               Section 3.2.  Representations and Warranties of the Seller
          Relating to the Agreement and the Receivables.  The Seller hereby
          represents and warrants to the Issuer that as of each date on
          which any Agency Receivables are sold hereunder or were sold
          under the Original Master Sale and Servicing Agreement:

                         (a)  Validity.  Each of this Agreement and the
               Confirming Assignment constitutes a legal, valid and binding
               obligation of the Seller enforceable against the Seller in
               accordance with its terms.

                         (b)  Eligibility.  No Purchased Receivable is an
               Ineligible Receivable.

                         (c)  No Liens.  Each Purchased Receivable has been
               conveyed to the Issuer free and clear of any Lien.

                         (d)  Consents.  With respect to each Purchased
               Receivable, all consents, licenses, approvals or
               authorizations of or registrations or declarations with any
               Governmental Authority required to be obtained, effected or
               given by the Seller in connection with the conveyance of
               such Receivable to the Issuer have been duly obtained,
               effected or given and are in full force and effect.

                         (e)  Valid Transfer.  This Agreement constitutes a
               valid sale, transfer and assignment to the Issuer of all
               right, title and interest in and to the Agency Receivables
               and the Proceeds thereof, subject to the limitations and
               restrictions of Section 9.3; or, if this Agreement is
               determined not to constitute a sale of such property, it
               constitutes a grant of a "security interest" in such
               property to the Issuer, which is enforceable against all
               Persons with respect to all Purchased Receivables and the
               Proceeds thereof.  The Issuer has or will have, upon the
               filing of the financing statements described in Section 2.1,
               a first priority perfected ownership or security interest in
               all Purchased Receivables.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (f)  Compliance with Law.  All applicable
               Requirements of Law with respect to the Purchased
               Receivables, including without limitation any pertaining to
               the transfer thereof hereunder (or, in the case of Northwest
               Receivables or Pasatiempo Receivables, hereunder or under
               the Northwest Agreement or the Pasatiempo Agreement), have
               been complied with in all material respects.

          The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 3.2
          shall survive each sale and assignment of the Agency Receivables
          to the Issuer, and termination of the rights and obligations of
          the Seller as a Servicer pursuant to Section 9.1.

               Section 3.3.  Representation and Warranties of Hillhaven.
          Hillhaven hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer that, as
          of the date hereof and as of each date on which Agency
          Receivables are sold hereunder or were sold under the Original
          Master Sale and Servicing Agreement:

                         (a)  Organization, Good Standing and Due
               Qualification.  Hillhaven is duly organized and validly
               existing in good standing under the laws of its state of
               incorporation, and has, in all material respects, full
               corporate power, authority and legal right to own its
               property and conduct its business as contemplated by this
               Agreement and as such property is presently owned and such
               business is presently conducted, and to execute, deliver and
               perform its obligations under this Agreement.  Hillhaven is
               duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a
               foreign corporation (or is exempt from such requirements)
               and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in
               each jurisdiction in which failure to so qualify or to
               obtain such licenses and approvals would have a material
               adverse effect on Hillhaven's ability to perform its
               obligations under this Agreement.

                         (b)  Due Authorization.  The execution and
               delivery of this Agreement by Hillhaven and the consummation
               of the transactions provided for in this Agreement have been
               duly authorized by Hillhaven by all necessary corporate
               action on the part of Hillhaven.

                         (c)  No Conflict.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Agency Receivables, would not have a material adverse effect
               on the business, operations, assets or financial or other
               condition of Hillhaven or on its ability to perform its
               obligations under this Agreement and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Agency Receivables, the execution and delivery of this
               Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated
               hereby and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, will not
               conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and
               provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or
               lapse of time or both) a default under any Contractual
               Obligation applicable to Hillhaven or any of its properties.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (d)  No Violation.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Agency Receivables, would not have a material adverse effect
               on the business, operations, assets or financial or other
               condition of Hillhaven or its ability to perform its
               obligations under this Agreement and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Agency Receivables, the execution and delivery of this
               Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated
               hereby, and the fulfillment of the terms hereof, will not
               conflict with or violate any Requirement of Law applicable
               to Hillhaven or any of its properties.

                         (e)  No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or
               investigations, to the best knowledge of Hillhaven, pending
               or threatened against Hillhaven, before any court,
               regulatory body, administrative agency, or other tribunal or
               governmental instrumentality (i) asserting the invalidity of
               this Agreement, (ii) seeking to prevent the consummation of
               any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
               (iii) seeking any determination or ruling that would
               materially and adversely affect the performance by Hillhaven
               of its obligations under this Agreement or (iv) seeking any
               determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
               affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.

                         (f)  No Default.  Except as would not have a
               material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets
               or financial or other condition of Hillhaven or its ability
               to perform its obligations under the Related Documents and
               would not have a material adverse effect on the ownership or
               servicing of the Agency Receivables or the validity or
               enforceability of the Related Documents or the Agency
               Receivables, Hillhaven is not in breach or default of any
               Contractual Obligation, and is not in violation of any
               Requirement of Law, applicable to it or its properties.

               The representations and warranties set forth in this
          Section 3.3 shall survive each sale and assignment of Agency
          Receivables to the Issuer hereunder, and termination of the
          rights and obligations of Hillhaven as Master Servicer pursuant
          to Section 9.1.

               Section 3.4.  Representations and Warranties of Northwest. 
          Northwest hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer as of the
          date hereof and as of each date on which any Northwest
          Receivables are sold hereunder or were sold under the Original
          Master Sale and Servicing Agreement that:

                         (a)  Organization, Good Standing and Due
               Qualification.  Northwest is duly organized and validly
               existing in good standing under the laws of its state of
               incorporation, and has, in all material respects, full
               corporate power, authority and legal right to own its
               property and conduct its business as contemplated by the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party and
               as such property is presently owned and such business is
               presently conducted, and to execute, deliver and perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents to which it is, or
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               is to be, a party.  Northwest is duly qualified to do
               business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
               (or is exempt from such requirements) and has obtained all
               necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction in
               which failure to so qualify or to obtain such licenses and
               approvals would have a material adverse effect on
               Northwest's ability to perform its obligations under the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party. 
               Northwest is a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
               the Seller.

                         (b)  Due Authorization.  The execution and
               delivery of the Related Documents to which it is, or is to
               be, a party by Northwest and the consummation of the
               transactions provided for in this Agreement have been duly
               authorized by Northwest by all necessary corporate action on
               the part of Northwest.

                         (c)  No Conflict.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Northwest Receivables, would not have a material adverse
               effect on the business, operations, assets or financial or
               other condition of Northwest or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Northwest Receivables, the execution and delivery of the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, the
               performance of the transactions contemplated thereby and the
               fulfillment of the terms thereof, will not conflict with,
               result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of,
               or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or
               both) a default under, any Contractual Obligation applicable
               to Northwest or any of its properties.

                         (d)  No Violation.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Northwest Receivables, would not have a material adverse
               effect on the business, operations, assets or financial or
               other condition of Northwest or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Northwest Receivables, the execution and delivery of the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, the
               performance of the transactions contemplated by the Related
               Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, and the
               fulfillment of the terms thereof, will not conflict with or
               violate any Requirement of Law applicable to Northwest or
               any of its properties.

                         (e)  No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or
               investigations, to the best knowledge of Northwest, pending
               or threatened against Northwest, before any court,
               regulatory body, administrative agency, or other tribunal or
               Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any
               Related Document or the Northwest Receivables, (ii) seeking
               to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions
               contemplated by the Related Documents to which it is, or is
               to be, a party, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               that would materially and adversely affect the performance
               by Northwest of its obligations under the Related Documents
               to which it is, or is to be, a party, or (iv) seeking any
               determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
               affect the validity or enforceability of any Related
               Document or the Northwest Receivables.

                         (f)  No Default.  Except as would not have a
               material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets
               or financial or other condition of Northwest or on its
               ability to perform its obligations under the Related
               Documents and would not have a material adverse effect on
               the ownership or servicing of the Northwest Receivables or
               the validity or enforceability of the Related Documents or
               the Northwest Receivables, Northwest is not in breach or
               default of any Contractual Obligations, and is not in
               violation of any Requirement of Law, applicable to it or its
               properties.

                         (g)  Good Title.  None of Northwest's Agency
               Receivables has been sold, assigned or pledged to any Person
               other than the Seller and, pursuant hereto, the Issuer. 
               Immediately prior to their conveyance to the Seller pursuant
               to the Northwest Agreement, Northwest has good title to all
               its Agency Receivables, free and clear of any Lien, and, as
               of each date Northwest Receivables are conveyed pursuant to
               the Northwest Agreement, Northwest will have conveyed good
               title to such Receivables to the Seller free and clear of
               any Lien.

                         (h)  Sole Owner.  Immediately prior to their
               conveyance to the Seller pursuant to the Northwest
               Agreement, Northwest is the sole owner of all right, title
               and interest in and to Northwest's Agency Receivables.
           
                         (i)  Receivables Information.  The Receivables
               Information does not contain any untrue statement of a
               material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
               make the statements in the Receivables Information, in light
               of the circumstances in which they were made, not
               misleading.

                         (j)  Place of Business.  The chief executive
               office of Northwest and location of the Records pertaining
               to its respective Receivables is the address listed for
               Northwest on Schedule II hereto.

                    The representations and warranties set forth in this
          Section 3.4 shall survive each sale and assignment of Agency
          Receivables to the Issuer, and termination of the rights and
          obligations of Northwest as a Servicer pursuant to Section 9.1.

               Section 3.5.  Representations and Warranties of Pasatiempo. 
          Pasatiempo hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer as of the
          date hereof and as of each date on which any Pasatiempo
          Receivables are sold hereunder that:



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (a)  Organization, Good Standing and Due
               Qualification.  Pasatiempo is duly organized and validly
               existing in good standing under the laws of its state of
               incorporation, and has, in all material respects, full
               corporate power, authority and legal right to own its
               property and conduct its business as contemplated by the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party and
               as such property is presently owned and such business is
               presently conducted, and to execute, deliver and perform its
               Obligations under the Related Documents to which it is, or
               is to be, a party.  Pasatiempo is duly qualified to do
               business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
               (or is exempt from such requirements) and has obtained all
               necessary licenses and approvals in each jurisdiction in
               which failure to so qualify or to obtain such licenses and
               approvals would have a material adverse effect on
               Pasatiempo's ability to perform its obligations under the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party. 
               Pasatiempo is a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
               of the Seller.

                         (b)  Due Authorization.  The execution and
               delivery of the Related Documents to which it is, or is to
               be, a party by Pasatiempo and the consummation of the
               transactions provided for therein have been duly authorized
               by Pasatiempo by all necessary corporate action on the part
               of Pasatiempo.

                         (c)  No Conflict.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Pasatiempo Receivables, would not have a material adverse
               effect on the business, operations, assets or financial or
               other condition of Pasatiempo or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Pasatiempo Receivables, the execution and delivery of the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, the
               performance of the transactions contemplated thereby and the
               fulfillment of the terms thereof, will not conflict with,
               result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of,
               or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or
               both) a default under, any Contractual Obligation applicable
               to Pasatiempo or any of its properties.

                         (d)  No Violation.  Except as would not affect the
               validity or enforceability of any Related Document or the
               Pasatiempo Receivables, would not have a material adverse
               effect on the business, operations, assets or financial or
               other condition of Pasatiempo or its ability to perform its
               obligations under the Related Documents and would not have a
               material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
               Pasatiempo Receivables, the execution and delivery of the
               Related Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, the
               performance of the transactions contemplated by the Related
               Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party, and the
               fulfillment of the terms thereof, will not conflict with or
               violate any Requirement of Law applicable to Pasatiempo or
               any of its properties.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (e)  No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or
               investigations, to the best knowledge of Pasatiempo, pending
               or threatened against Pasatiempo, before any court,
               regulatory body, administrative agency, or other tribunal or
               Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of any
               Related Document or the Pasatiempo Receivables, (ii) seeking
               to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions
               contemplated by the Related Documents to which it is, or is
               to be, a party, (iii) seeking any determination or ruling
               that would materially and adversely affect the performance
               by Pasatiempo of its obligations under the Related Documents
               to which it is, or is to be, a party, or (iv) seeking any
               determination or ruling that would materially and adversely
               affect the validity or enforceability of any Related
               Document or the Pasatiempo Receivables.

                         (f)  No Default.  Except as would not have a
               material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets
               or financial or other condition of Pasatiempo or its ability
               to perform its obligations under the Related Documents and
               would not have a material adverse effect on the ownership or
               servicing of the Pasatiempo Receivables or the validity or
               enforceability of the Related Documents or the Pasatiempo
               Receivables, is not in breach or default of any Contractual
               Obligation, and is not in violation of any Requirement of
               Law, applicable to it or its properties.

                         (g)  Good Title.  None of Pasatiempo's Agency
               Receivables has been sold, assigned or pledged to any Person
               other than the Seller and, pursuant hereto, the Issuer. 
               Immediately prior to their conveyance to the Seller pursuant
               to the Pasatiempo Agreement, Pasatiempo has good title to
               all its Agency Receivables, free and clear of any Lien, and,
               as of each date Pasatiempo Receivables are conveyed pursuant
               to the Pasatiempo Agreement, Pasatiempo will have conveyed
               good title to such Receivables to the Seller free and clear
               of any Lien.

                         (h)  Sole Owner.  Immediately prior to their
               conveyance to the Seller pursuant to the Pasatiempo
               Agreement, Pasatiempo is the sole owner of all right, title
               and interest in and to Pasatiempo's Agency Receivables.

                         (i)  Receivables Information.  The Receivables
               Information does not contain any untrue statement of a
               material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
               make the statements in the Receivables Information, in light
               of the circumstances in which they were made, not
               misleading.

                         (j)  Place of Business.  The chief executive
               office of Pasatiempo and location of the Records pertaining
               to its respective Receivables is the address listed for
               Pasatiempo on Schedule II hereto.

               The representations and warranties set forth in this
          Section 3.5 shall survive each sale and assignment of Agency
          Receivables to the Issuer, and termination of the rights and
          obligations of Pasatiempo as a Servicer pursuant to Section 9.1.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                      ARTICLE IV

                                      COVENANTS

               Section 4.1.  Covenants of the Seller.  The Seller hereby
          covenants that:

                         (a)  Receivables Not To Be Evidenced by
               Instruments.  The Seller will take no action to cause any
               Receivables to be evidenced by any instrument (as defined in
               the UCC).


                         (b)  No Liens.  The Seller will not create,
               permit or suffer to exist, and will defend the Issuer's
               rights to Purchased Receivables against, and take such
               other actions as are necessary to remove, any Lien,
               claim or right in, to or on any Purchased Receivables,
               and will defend the right, title and interest of the
               Issuer in and to the Purchased Receivables against the
               claims and demands of all Persons whomsoever, other
               than the Liens created hereby and by the Pledge
               Agreement.

                         (c)  Status of Receivables.  The Seller will
               comply in all material respects with all Contractual
               Obligations applicable to the Seller or to the Purchased
               Receivables or any part thereof.

                         (d)  Corporate Existence.  The Seller will
               keep in full effect its existence, rights and
               franchises as a corporation under the laws of the state
               of its incorporation (unless it becomes organized under
               the laws of any other state or of the United States of
               America, in which case the Seller will keep in full
               effect its existence, rights and franchises under the
               laws of such other jurisdiction), will preserve and
               maintain its licenses, permits and other authorizations
               necessary for the conduct of its business and will
               obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in
               each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or
               shall be necessary to protect the validity and
               enforceability of this Agreement, the Related Documents
               and each other instrument or agreement necessary or
               appropriate to the proper administration of this
               Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

                         (e)  Indemnity.  In any suit, proceeding or action
               brought by the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Banks, the
               Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer for any sum owing with
               respect to a Purchased Receivable, the Seller will save,
               indemnify and keep the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity
               Banks, the Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer, as the case
               may be, harmless from and against all expense, loss or
               damage suffered by reason of any defense, setoff,
               counterclaim, recoupment or reduction of liability
               whatsoever under such Purchased Receivable, arising out of a
               breach by the Seller of any obligation under such Purchased
               Receivable or arising out of any other agreement,
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               indebtedness or liability at any time owing to or in favor
               of a patient or provider or its successor from the Seller,
               and all such obligations of the Seller shall be and remain
               enforceable against and only against the Seller, and shall
               not be enforceable against the Collateral Agent, the
               Liquidity Banks, the Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer, as
               the case may be.  The parties intend that this
               Subsection (e) not be applied to provide direct or indirect
               assurance to the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Banks, the
               Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer, as the case may be,
               against loss by reason of the bankruptcy or insolvency (or
               other credit condition) of, or default by, the Obligor on,
               or the uncollectability of, any Purchased Receivable.

                         (f)  Compliance with Law.  The Seller will comply,
               in all material respects, with all Requirements of Law
               applicable to it or to the Purchased Receivables or any part
               thereof.

                         (g)  Access and Information.  Unless prohibited by
               applicable governmental regulations or any regulations of
               JCAHO, the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank, the Liquidity Banks and their respective
               representatives shall at all times have full and free access
               during normal business hours to all the books,
               correspondence and records of the Seller insofar as they
               relate to the Purchased Receivables, and the Issuer, the
               Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity
               Banks and their respective representatives may examine the
               same, take extracts therefrom and make photocopies thereof,
               and the Seller agrees to render to the Issuer, the Master
               Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and
               their respective representatives, at the Seller's cost and
               expense, such clerical and other assistance as may be
               reasonably requested with regard thereto; provided, however,
               that the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank and the Liquidity Banks each acknowledges that in
               exercising its rights and privileges conferred in this
               Section 4.1(g) it or its representatives may, from time to
               time, obtain knowledge of information, practices, books,
               correspondence and records of a confidential nature and in
               which the Seller has a proprietary interest.  The Issuer,
               the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank and the
               Liquidity Banks each agrees that all such information,
               practices, books, correspondence and records so obtained by
               it are to be regarded as confidential information and that
               such information may be subject to laws, rules and
               regulations regarding patient confidentiality, and agrees
               that (i) it shall retain in confidence and shall use its
               best efforts to ensure that its representatives retain in
               confidence and will not disclose without the prior written
               consent of the Seller any or all of such information,
               practices, books, correspondence and records furnished to
               them and (ii) that it will not, and will use its best
               efforts to ensure that its representatives will not, make
               any use whatsoever (other than for the purposes contemplated
               by the Related Documents) of any of such information,
               practices, books, correspondence and records without the

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               prior written consent of the Seller, unless such information
               is generally available to the public or is required by law
               to be disclosed.

                         (h)  Change of Location.  The Seller will not,
               without providing 20 days notice to the Issuer, the
               Collateral Agent and the Liquidity Agent Bank and without
               filing such amendments to any previously filed financing
               statements as the Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank and the
               Collateral Agent may require, (i) change the location of its
               chief executive office or of any Regional Center or the
               location of the offices where the Records relating to the
               Receivables are kept or (ii) change its name, identity or
               corporate structure in any manner which would, could or
               might make any financing statement or continuation statement
               filed by the Seller in accordance herewith seriously
               misleading within the meaning of Section 9-402(7) of any
               applicable enactment of the UCC.

                         (i)  Payor Contracts.  Subject to compliance with
               Section 4.1(j), the Seller may change the terms of the payor
               contracts and agreements relating to the Purchased
               Receivables (or any part thereof) or its policies and
               procedures with respect to the servicing thereof (including
               without limitation the amount and timing of finance charges,
               fees and write-offs) if such change would not, in the
               reasonable belief of the Seller and the Master Servicer,
               cause an Amortization Event to occur.

                         (j)  Nonimpairment of Purchased Receivables. 
               Except as permitted by Section 6.7, the Seller will not take
               or omit to take any action, or permit any Servicer or the
               Master Servicer to take or omit to take any action, which
               action or omission would materially reduce or impair the
               rights of the Issuer or the Liquidity Banks with respect to
               any Purchased Receivable.  Without limiting the generality
               of the foregoing, the Seller shall not take any of the
               following actions, or permit any Servicer or the Master
               Servicer to take any of the following actions:

                              (i)  rescind, cancel or modify any provision
                    of any Purchased Receivable;

                              (ii)  waive any right with respect to any
                    Purchased Receivable; or

                              (iii) take or omit to take any action which
                    might subject any Purchased Receivable to offset,
                    counterclaim, deduction or defense.

               Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller may adjust or
               write-off the amount of any Purchased Receivable if such
               adjustment is determined by the Seller to be desirable and
               appropriate based on the same standards the Seller would
               apply had it not sold such Receivable hereunder but
               continued to hold such Receivable for its own account.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (k)  Obligations.  The Seller will duly fulfill
               all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in
               connection with each Purchased Receivable and will do
               nothing to impair the rights of the Issuer therein except as
               otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement.

                         (l)  Subordinated Debt.  The Seller agrees that
               the indebtedness owing from the Issuer to the Seller under
               the Purchase Money Note shall be subordinated to the
               indebtedness owed to the Liquidity Banks in accordance with
               the terms of such Note in effect as of the date hereof.

               Section 4.2.  Covenants of Hillhaven.  Hillhaven hereby
          covenants that:

                         (a)  Financial Statements.

                              (i)  Hillhaven will assure that (A) its
                    consolidated financial statements will reflect, by
                    footnote or otherwise, the separate existence of the
                    Issuer, the extent of its separate assets and the
                    unavailability of those assets to satisfy claims of the
                    creditors of Hillhaven or any Affiliate other than the
                    Issuer (as well as the fact that the Purchased
                    Receivables generated by Pasatiempo, Northwest and
                    First Healthcare are owned by the Issuer and are
                    unavailable to the creditors of Pasatiempo, Northwest
                    and First Healthcare); and (B) any separate financial
                    statements of the Seller, Northwest or Pasatiempo,
                    reflect, by footnote or otherwise, the ownership of the
                    Purchased Receivables by the Issuer.

                              (ii)  Hillhaven will deliver to the Issuer
                    and the Liquidity Agent Bank:

                                   (A)  as soon as available and in any
                    event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year
                    of Hillhaven, a consolidated balance sheet of Hillhaven
                    and its consolidated subsidiaries as at the end of such
                    year and consolidated statements of income and cash
                    flows of Hillhaven and its consolidated subsidiaries
                    for such year, setting forth in each case in
                    comparative form corresponding consolidated figures for
                    the preceding fiscal year, certified by a firm of
                    independent public accountants of nationally recognized
                    standing;

                                   (B)  as soon as available and in any
                    event within 60 days after the end of each of the first
                    three quarters of each fiscal year of Hillhaven, its
                    unaudited consolidated balance sheet and the related
                    unaudited statements of income and cash flows for such
                    quarter, certified as to fairness of presentation,
                    generally accepted accounting principles and
                    consistency by the chief financial officer of
                    Hillhaven;



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                   (C)  simultaneously with the delivery of
                    each set of financial statements referred to in
                    clause (A) above, a statement of the chief financial
                    officer of Hillhaven to the effect that nothing has
                    come to his attention to cause him to believe that
                    there existed on the date of such statements any
                    Amortization Event or event or condition which, with
                    the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would
                    become an Amortization Event;

                                   (D)  forthwith upon the occurrence of
                    any Amortization Event or event or condition which,
                    with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both,
                    would become an Amortization Event or upon becoming
                    aware that any of the representations and warranties
                    contained in Article III have ceased to be true and
                    correct, a certificate of the president, any vice
                    president or the chief financial officer or the chief
                    accounting officer of Hillhaven setting forth the
                    details thereof and the action which Hillhaven is
                    taking or proposes to take with respect thereto;

                                   (E)  if and when any member of the
                    Controlled Group (i) gives or is required to give
                    notice to the PBGC of any "reportable event" (as
                    defined in Section 4043 of ERISA) with respect to any
                    Plan which might constitute grounds for a termination
                    of such Plan under Title IV of ERISA, or knows that the
                    plan administrator of any Plan has given or is required
                    to give notice of any such reportable event, a copy of
                    the notice of such reportable event given or required
                    to be given to the PBGC; (ii) receives notice of
                    complete or partial withdrawal liability under Title IV
                    of ERISA, a copy of such notice; or (iii) receives
                    notice from the PBGC under Title IV of ERISA of an
                    intent to terminate or appoint a trustee to administer
                    any Plan, a copy of such notice;

                                   (F)  from time to time such additional
                    information regarding the financial position or
                    business of Hillhaven and its subsidiaries as the
                    Liquidity Agent Bank may reasonably request.

                         (b)  Lines of Business.  Hillhaven will not, and
               will not permit any subsidiary to, enter into any new line
               of business (which is materially different from, or
               unrelated to, the lines of business respectively conducted
               by them) or change materially the nature of the business
               respectively conducted by them on the date hereof.

                         (c)  Performance of Obligations; Compliance with
               Law.  Hillhaven will, and will cause each subsidiary to,
               comply in all material respects with their respective
               Contractual Obligations and with all applicable Requirements
               of Law.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (d)  Access and Information.  Unless prohibited by
               applicable governmental regulations or any regulations of
               JCAHO, the Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity
               Banks and their respective representatives shall at all
               times have full and free access during normal business hours
               to all the books, correspondence and records of Hillhaven
               insofar as they relate to Purchased Receivables, and the
               Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and
               their respective representatives may examine the same, take
               extracts therefrom and make photocopies thereof, and
               Hillhaven agrees to render to the Issuer, the Liquidity
               Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and their respective
               representatives, at Hillhaven's cost and expense, such
               clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested
               with regard thereto; provided, however, that the Issuer, the
               Liquidity Agent Bank and the Liquidity Banks each
               acknowledges that in exercising its respective rights and
               privileges conferred in this Section 4.2(d) it or its
               representatives may, from time to time, obtain knowledge of
               information, practices, books, correspondence and records of
               a confidential nature and in which Hillhaven has a
               proprietary interest.  The Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank
               and the Liquidity Banks each agrees that all such
               information, practices, books, correspondence and records so
               obtained by it are to be regarded as confidential
               information and that such information may be subject to
               laws, rules and regulations regarding patient
               confidentiality, and agrees that (i) it shall retain in
               confidence and shall use its best efforts to ensure that its
               representatives retain in confidence and will not disclose
               without the prior written consent of Hillhaven any or all of
               such information, practices, books, correspondence and
               records furnished to them and (ii) that it will not, and
               will use its best efforts to ensure that its representatives
               will not, make any use whatsoever (other than for the
               purposes contemplated by the Related Documents) of any of
               such information, practices, books, correspondence and
               records without the prior written consent of Hillhaven,
               unless such information is generally available to the public
               or is required by law to be disclosed.

                         (e)  Corporate Formalities.  Hillhaven will, and
               will cause its Affiliates to, comply with the provisions of
               Section 7.13(b) of the Liquidity Agreement (to the extent
               the same relate to Hillhaven and its Affiliates).

                         (f)  Subordinated Debt.  Hillhaven agrees that the
               indebtedness owing from the Issuer to Hillhaven under the
               Hillhaven Note shall be subordinated to the indebtedness
               owed to the Liquidity Banks in accordance with the terms of
               such Note in effect as of the date hereof.

               Section 4.3.  Covenants of Northwest.  Northwest hereby
          covenants that:

                         (a)  Receivables Not to Be Evidenced by
               Instruments.  Northwest will take no action to cause any
               Northwest Receivable to be evidenced by any instrument (as
               defined in the UCC).
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (b)  No Liens.  Northwest will not create, permit
               or suffer to exist, and will defend the Issuer's rights to
               its respective Purchased Receivables against, and take such
               other actions as are necessary to remove, any Lien, claim or
               right in, to or on any Purchased Receivables, and will
               defend the right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to
               the Purchased Receivables against the claims and demands of
               all Persons whomsoever, other than the Liens created hereby
               and by the Pledge Agreement.

                         (c)  Status of Receivables.  Northwest shall
               comply in all material respects with all Contractual
               Obligations applicable to Northwest or the Northwest
               Receivables or any part thereof.

                         (d)  Corporate Existence.  Northwest will
               keep in full effect its existence, rights and
               franchises as a corporation under the laws of the state
               of its incorporation (unless it becomes organized under
               the laws of any other state or of the United States of
               America, in which case Northwest will keep in full
               effect its existence, rights and franchises under the
               laws of such other jurisdiction), will preserve and
               maintain its licenses, permits and other authorizations
               necessary for the conduct of its business and will
               obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in
               each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or
               shall be necessary to protect the validity and
               enforceability of this Agreement, the Related Documents
               and each other instrument or agreement necessary or
               appropriate to the proper administration of this
               Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

                         (e)  Indemnity.  In any suit, proceeding or action
               brought by the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Agent Bank,
               the Liquidity Banks or the Issuer for any sum owing with
               respect to a Northwest Receivable, Northwest will save,
               indemnify and keep the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank, the Liquidity Banks or the Issuer, as the case may be,
               harmless from and against all expense, loss or damage
               suffered by reason of any defense, setoff, counterclaim,
               recoupment or reduction of liability whatsoever under such
               Northwest Receivable, arising out of a breach by Northwest
               of any obligation under such Northwest Receivable or arising
               out of any other agreement, indebtedness or liability at any
               time owing to or in favor of a patient or provider or its
               successor from Northwest, and all such obligations of
               Northwest shall be and remain enforceable against and only
               against Northwest, and shall not be enforceable against the
               Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Banks, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank or the Issuer, as the case may be.  The parties intend
               that this Subsection (e) not be applied to provide direct or
               indirect assurance to the Collateral Agent, the, Liquidity
               Banks, the Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer, as the case
               may be, against loss by reason of the bankruptcy or
               insolvency (or other credit condition) of, or default by,
               the Obligor on, or the uncollectability of, any Purchased
               Receivable.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (f)  Compliance with Law.  Northwest will comply,
               in all material respects, with all Requirements of Law
               applicable to it or to the Northwest Receivables or any part
               thereof.

                         (g)  Access and Information.  Unless prohibited by
               applicable governmental regulations or any regulations of
               JCAHO, the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank, the Liquidity Banks and their respective
               representatives shall at all times have full and free access
               during normal business hours to all the books,
               correspondence and records of Northwest insofar as they
               relate to Northwest Receivables, and the Issuer, the Master
               Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and
               their respective representatives may examine the same, take
               extracts therefrom and make photocopies thereof, and
               Northwest agrees to render to the Issuer, the Master
               Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and
               its representatives, at Northwest's cost and expense, such
               clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably requested
               with regard thereto; provided, however, that the Issuer, the
               Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank and the Liquidity
               Banks each acknowledges that in exercising their respective
               rights and privileges conferred in this Section 4.3(g) it or
               its representatives may, from time to time, obtain knowledge
               of information, practices, books, correspondence and records
               of a confidential nature and in which Northwest has a
               proprietary interest.  The Issuer, the Master Servicer, the
               Liquidity Agent Bank and the Liquidity Banks each agrees
               that all such information, practices, books, correspondence
               and records so obtained by it are to be regarded as
               confidential information and that such information may be
               subject to laws, rules and regulations regarding patient
               confidentiality, and agrees that (i) it shall retain in
               confidence and shall use its best efforts to ensure that its
               representatives retain in confidence and will not disclose
               without the prior written consent of Northwest any or all of
               such information, practices, books, correspondence and
               records furnished to them and (ii) that it will not, and
               will use its best efforts to ensure that its representatives
               will not, make any use whatsoever (other than for the
               purposes contemplated by the Related Documents) of any of
               such information, practices, books, correspondence and
               records without the prior written consent of Northwest,
               unless such information is generally available to the public
               or is required by law to be disclosed.

                         (h)  Change of Location.  Northwest will not,
               without providing 20 days notice to the Issuer, the
               Collateral Agent and the Liquidity Agent Bank and without
               filing such amendments to any previously filed financing
               statements as the Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, and the
               Collateral Agent may require, (i) change the location of its
               chief executive office or of any Regional Center or the
               location of the offices where the Records relating to the
               Northwest Receivables are kept or (ii) change its name,
               identity or corporate structure in any manner which would,
               could or might make any financing statement or continuation

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               statement filed by Northwest in accordance herewith
               seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-402(7)
               of any applicable enactment of the UCC.

                         (i)  Payor Contracts.  Subject to Section 4.3(j),
               Northwest may change the terms of the payor contracts and
               agreements relating to Northwest Receivables (or any part
               thereof) or its policies and procedures with respect to the
               servicing thereof (including without limitation the amount
               and timing of finance charges, fees and write-offs) if such
               change would not, in the reasonable belief of Northwest and
               the Master Servicer, cause an Amortization Event to occur.

                         (j)  Nonimpairment of Purchased Receivables. 
               Except as permitted by Section 6.7, Northwest will not take
               or omit to take any action, or permit any Servicer or the
               Master Servicer to take or omit to take any action, which
               action or omission would materially reduce or impair the
               rights of the Issuer and the Liquidity Banks with respect to
               any Purchased Receivable.  Without limiting the generality
               of the foregoing, Northwest shall not take any of the
               following actions, or permit any Servicer or the Master
               Servicer to take any of the following actions:

                              (i)  rescind, cancel or modify any provision
                    of any Northwest Receivable;

                              (ii)  waive any right with respect to any
                    Northwest Receivable; or

                              (iii) take or omit to take any action which
                    might subject any Northwest Receivable to offset,
                    counterclaim, deduction or defense.

               Notwithstanding the foregoing, Northwest may adjust or
               write-off the amount of any Purchased Receivable if such
               adjustment is determined by Northwest to be desirable and
               appropriate based on the same standards Northwest would
               apply had it not sold such Receivable hereunder but
               continued to hold such Receivable for its own account.

                         (k)  Obligations.  Northwest will duly fulfill all
               obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in
               connection with each Northwest Receivable and will do
               nothing to impair the rights of the Issuer therein except as
               otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement.

               Section 4.4.  Covenants of Pasatiempo.  Pasatiempo hereby
          covenants that:

                         (a)  Receivables Not To Be Evidenced by
               Instruments.  Pasatiempo will take no action to cause any
               Pasatiempo Receivable to be evidenced by any instrument (as
               defined in the UCC).





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (b)  No Liens.  Pasatiempo will not create, permit
               or suffer to exist, and will defend the Issuer's rights to
               its respective Purchased Receivables against, and take such
               other actions as are necessary to remove, any Lien, claim or
               right in, to or on any Purchased Receivables, and will
               defend the right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to
               the Purchased Receivables against the claims and demands of
               all Persons whomsoever, other than the Liens created hereby
               and by the Pledge Agreement.

                         (c)  Status of Receivables.  Pasatiempo shall
               comply in all material respects with all Contractual
               Obligations applicable to Pasatiempo or the Pasatiempo
               Receivables or any part thereof.

                         (d)  Corporate Existence.  Pasatiempo will keep in
               full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a
               corporation under the laws of the state of its incorporation
               (unless it becomes organized under the laws of any other
               state or of the United States of America, in which case
               Pasatiempo will keep in full effect its existence, rights
               and franchises under the laws of such other jurisdiction),
               will preserve and maintain its licenses, permits and other
               authorizations necessary for the conduct of its business and
               will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in
               each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be
               necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this
               Agreement, the Related Documents and each other instrument
               or agreement necessary or appropriate to the proper
               administration of this Agreement and the transactions
               contemplated hereby.

                         (e)  Indemnity.  In any suit, proceeding or action
               brought by the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Agent Bank,
               the Liquidity Banks or the Issuer for any sum owing with
               respect to a Pasatiempo Receivable, Pasatiempo will save,
               indemnify and keep the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank or the Issuer, as the case may be, harmless from and
               against all expense, loss or damage suffered by reason of
               any defense, setoff, counterclaim, recoupment or reduction
               of liability whatsoever under such Pasatiempo Receivable,
               arising out of a breach by Pasatiempo of any obligation
               under such Pasatiempo Receivable or arising out of any other
               agreement, indebtedness or liability at any time owing to or
               in favor of a patient or provider or its successor from
               Pasatiempo, and all such obligations of Pasatiempo shall be
               and remain enforceable against and only against Pasatiempo,
               and shall not be enforceable against the Collateral Agent,
               the Liquidity Banks, the Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer,
               as the case may be.  The parties intend this Subsection (e)
               not be applied to provide direct or indirect assurance to
               the Collateral Agent, the Liquidity Banks, the Liquidity
               Agent Bank or the Issuer, as the case may be, against loss
               by reason of the bankruptcy or insolvency (or other credit
               condition) of, or default by, the Obligor on, or the
               uncollectability of, any Purchased Receivable.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (f)  Compliance with Law.  Pasatiempo will comply,
               in all material respects, with all Requirements of Law
               applicable to it or to the Pasatiempo Receivables or any
               part thereof.

                         (g)  Access and Information.  Unless prohibited by
               applicable governmental regulations or any regulations of
               JCAHO, the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank, the Liquidity Banks and their respective
               representatives shall at all times have full and free access
               during normal business hours to all the books,
               correspondence and records of Pasatiempo insofar as they
               relate to Pasatiempo Receivables, and the Issuer, the Master
               Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and
               their respective representatives may examine the same, take
               extracts therefrom and make photocopies thereof, and
               Pasatiempo agrees to render to the Issuer, the Master
               Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and
               their respective representatives, at Pasatiempo's cost and
               expense, such clerical and other assistance as may be
               reasonably requested with regard thereto; provided, however,
               that the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent
               Bank and the Liquidity Banks each acknowledges that in
               exercising its rights and privileges conferred in this
               Section 4.4(g) it or its representatives may, from time to
               time, obtain knowledge of information, practices, books,
               correspondence and records of a confidential nature and in
               which Pasatiempo has a proprietary interest.  The Issuer,
               the Master Servicer, the Liquidity Agent Bank and the
               Liquidity Banks each agrees that all such information,
               practices, books, correspondence and records so obtained by
               it are to be regarded as confidential information and that
               such information may be subject to laws, rules and
               regulations regarding patient confidentiality, and agrees
               that (i) it shall retain in confidence and shall use its
               best efforts to ensure that its representatives retain in
               confidence and will not disclose without the prior written
               consent of Pasatiempo any or all of such information,
               practices, books, correspondence and records furnished to
               them and (ii) that it will not, and will use its best
               efforts to ensure that its representatives will not, make
               any use whatsoever (other than for the purposes contemplated
               by the Related Documents) of any of such information,
               practices, books, correspondence and records without the
               prior written consent of Pasatiempo, unless such information
               is generally available to the public or is required by law
               to be disclosed.

                         (h)  Change of Location.  Pasatiempo will not,
               without providing 20 days notice to the Issuer, the
               Collateral Agent and the Liquidity Agent Bank and without
               filing such amendments to any previously filed financing
               statements as the Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, and the
               Collateral Agent may require, (i) change the location of its
               chief executive office or of any Regional Center or the
               location of the offices where the Records relating to the
               Pasatiempo Receivables are kept or (ii) change its name,
               identity or corporate structure in any manner which would,
               could or might make any financing statement or continuation
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               statement filed by Pasatiempo in accordance herewith
               seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-402(7)
               of any applicable enactment of the UCC.

                         (i)  Payor Contracts.  Subject to Section 4.4(j),
               Pasatiempo may change the terms of the payor contracts and
               agreements relating to Pasatiempo Receivables (or any part
               thereof) or its policies and procedures with respect to the
               servicing thereof (including without limitation the amount
               and timing of finance charges, fees and writeoffs) if such
               change would not, in the reasonable belief of Pasatiempo and
               the Master Servicer, cause an Amortization Event to occur.

                         (j)  Nonimpairment of Purchased Receivables. 
               Except as permitted by Section 6.7, Pasatiempo will not take
               or omit to take any action, or permit any Servicer or the
               Master Servicer to take or omit to take any action, which
               action or omission would materially reduce or impair the
               rights of the Issuer and the Liquidity Banks with respect to
               any Purchased Receivable.  Without limiting the generality
               of the foregoing, Pasatiempo shall not take any of the
               following actions, or permit any Servicer or the Master
               Servicer to take any of the following actions:

                         (i)  rescind, cancel or modify any provision of
                    any Pasatiempo Receivable;

                        (ii)  waive any right with respect to any
                    Pasatiempo Receivable; or

                       (iii)  take or omit to take any action which might
                    subject any Pasatiempo Receivable to offset,
                    counterclaim, deduction or defense.

               Notwithstanding the foregoing, Pasatiempo may adjust or
               write off the amount of any Purchased Receivable if such
               adjustment is determined by Pasatiempo to be desirable and
               appropriate based on the same standards Pasatiempo would
               apply had it not sold such Receivable hereunder but
               continued to hold such Receivable for its own account.

                         (k)  Obligations.  Pasatiempo will duly fulfill
               all obligations on its part to be fulfilled under or in
               connection with each Pasatiempo Receivable and will do
               nothing to impair the rights of the Issuer therein except as
               otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement.













          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                      ARTICLE V

                             ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING
                                    OF RECEIVABLES

               Section 5.1.  General.  The Seller agrees to act as a
          Servicer under this Agreement with respect to the Purchased
          Receivables other than Northwest Receivables and Pasatiempo
          Receivables; Northwest agrees to act as a Servicer hereunder with
          respect to Northwest Receivables; Pasatiempo agrees to act as a
          Servicer hereunder with respect to Pasatiempo Receivables;
          Hillhaven agrees to act as Master Servicer hereunder; and the
          Issuer consents to the foregoing.  Each Servicer shall service
          and administer its Purchased Receivables and shall collect
          payments due under its respective Purchased Receivables in
          accordance with its usual and customary servicing policies and
          procedures for servicing accounts comparable to such Purchased
          Receivables, and shall have full power and authority, acting
          alone or through any Person properly designated by it hereunder
          to do any and all things in connection with such servicing and
          administration which it may deem necessary or desirable.  Each
          Servicer recognizes that the Master Servicer will be acting
          hereunder on the basis of information provided it by the
          respective Servicer; and each Servicer agrees to cooperate with
          the Master Servicer and, to the extent necessary, the other
          Servicers such that the Master Servicer's obligations hereunder
          may be fulfilled in a timely fashion.

               Section 5.2.  Servicer Compensation.  As compensation for
          its acting as Servicer hereunder, each Servicer shall be entitled
          to receive a Servicing Fee, payable monthly in arrears on each
          Settlement Date, of 1.0% per annum of the weighted average
          outstanding balance of the Purchased Receivables being serviced
          by such Servicer (collectively the "Servicing Fees").

               Section 5.3.  Expenses.  Each Servicer and the Master
          Servicer, respectively, shall pay out of its own funds all
          expenses incurred in connection with the servicing activities
          hereunder including, without limitation, expenses related to
          enforcement of the Purchased Receivables and the expenses of a
          firm of public independent accountants and all other fees and
          expenses, including but not limited to the costs of filing UCC
          continuation statements and preparing any certificates required
          hereunder or under any Related Document.

               Section 5.4.  Repurchase by Servicers.  In the event there
          is any breach of any of the representations, warranties or
          covenants of any Servicer contained in this Agreement, then if
          such breach or failure has a material adverse effect on the
          interests of the Issuer or the Liquidity Banks in such Purchased
          Receivables and if such event is continuing on the first
          Settlement Date occurring at least 30 days after the earlier to
          occur of (a) the discovery of such event by such Servicer or
          (b) receipt by such Servicer of written notice of such event
          given by the Liquidity Agent Bank or the Issuer, such Servicer
          shall purchase all of its respective Purchased Receivables as to
          which such event relates.  The Servicer shall purchase a
          Purchased Receivable by making a deposit into the Collection
          Account in immediately available funds in an amount equal to the
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Repurchase Price for such Receivable.  Such Repurchase Price
          shall be treated as a Collection of the related Purchased
          Receivables and shall be applied in accordance with Article VI. 
          Upon each such purchase by the Servicer, the Issuer shall
          automatically and without further action be deemed to sell,
          transfer, assign and set over, and otherwise convey to the
          Servicer, without recourse, representation or warranty, all
          right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to such Purchased
          Receivable, all monies due or to become due with respect thereto
          and all proceeds thereof.  The Issuer shall execute such
          documents and instruments of transfer or assignment and take such
          other actions as shall be reasonably requested by the Servicer to
          effect the conveyance of any Purchased Receivable pursuant to
          this Section.  The parties intend that this Section 5.4 not be
          applied to provide direct or indirect assurance to the Issuer
          against loss by reason of the bankruptcy or insolvency (or other
          credit condition) of, or default by, the related Obligor on, or
          the uncollectability of, any Purchased Receivable.  The
          obligation to repurchase any such Purchased Receivable pursuant
          to this Section 5.4 shall survive the termination of this
          Agreement.

               Section 5.5.  Master Servicer.

               (a)  General.  To the extent not inconsistent with
          Requirements of Law, the Master Servicer shall assist the
          Servicers in the performance of their respective duties under
          this Article.  In addition, the Master Servicer shall assist the
          Issuer and the Liquidity Agent Bank in monitoring compliance by
          the Seller, Northwest and Pasatiempo (and of their respective
          Purchased Receivables) with the requirements of this Agreement.

               (b)  Settlement Statement.  The Master Servicer, on the
          basis of information provided by the Servicers, will deliver
          appropriately completed Settlement Statements as provided in
          Section 6.6.

               Section 5.6.  Notices to the Seller.  In the event that the
          Seller, Northwest or Pasatiempo, as the case may be, is no longer
          acting as a Servicer or Hillhaven is no longer acting as Master
          Servicer hereunder, any Successor Servicer or Successor Master
          Servicer appointed pursuant to Section 9.2 shall deliver or make
          available to the Seller, Northwest, Pasatiempo or Hillhaven, as
          the case may be, each certificate and report required to be
          prepared, forwarded or delivered thereafter pursuant to
          Sections 5.4 and 5.5.

                                      ARTICLE VI

                              ALLOCATION AND APPLICATION
                                    OF COLLECTIONS

               Section 6.1.  Establishment of Issuer Accounts; Investments. 
          The Issuer shall, pursuant hereto and to the Pledge Agreement,
          establish and maintain at Pittsburgh National Bank, Pittsburgh,
          Pennsylvania in the joint names of the Issuer and the Collateral
          Agent two segregated deposit accounts (the "Collection Account" 
          and the "Collateral Account"  and, collectively, the "Issuer
          Accounts").  Under the Pledge Agreement, the Collateral Agent
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          will appoint the Master Servicer to act as its non-exclusive
          agent in connection with any withdrawals or deposits from or to
          the Issuer Accounts required or permitted to be made by the
          Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof or of the Pledge
          Agreement or as instructed in writing by the Collateral Agent
          from time to time.

               Section 6.2.  Collections and Allocations.  All collections
          shall be deposited (or caused to be deposited) by the respective
          Servicer in immediately available funds to the Collection Account
          within two Business Days of receipt thereof by such Servicer. 
          Any Collections received by the Master Servicer shall be
          similarly so deposited.  Pending such transfer, the respective
          Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the case may be, may deposit
          the same in a concentration account in which funds of Hillhaven
          and its subsidiaries may also be deposited; provided, that, each
          Servicer and the Master Servicer shall maintain records
          permitting a determination on a daily basis of the amount and
          location of all Collections which have been so deposited.  In the
          event of the commencement of a bankruptcy, insolvency,
          reorganization or similar proceeding with respect to the Seller,
          Pasatiempo, Northwest or any Servicer or upon the receipt by the
          Seller, Pasatiempo, Northwest or any Servicer of notice from the
          Liquidity Agent Bank that an Event of Default under the Liquidity
          Agreement has occurred, then, immediately upon the occurrence of
          such event and thereafter, the Seller and the Servicers shall
          immediately remit (or cause to be remitted) all Collections on
          the Purchased Receivables directly to the Collateral Agent for
          deposit into the Collection Account, and in no event shall it
          thereafter commingle any such Collections with other funds or
          deposit any such collections thereafter into any account
          established, held or maintained by itself.

               Section 6.3.   Application of Collection Account and
                              Collateral Account.

               (a)  Except during the continuation of an Amortization Event
          or following the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii)
          or (iii) of the definition of "Transfer Termination Date" (and
          subject to the other provisions of this Article VI), amounts on
          deposit in the Collection Account shall be applied on a daily
          basis in the following order:

                   (i)   First, to pay interest then due and payable or
                         overdue on Liquidity Loans;

                  (ii)   Second, to repay principal of Liquidity Loans then
                         due and payable;

                 (iii)   Third, to pay amounts described in clauses (iii)
                         and (iv) of the definition of "Daily Facility
                         Costs" which are then due and payable;

                  (iv)   Fourth, for deposit into the Collateral Account of
                         an amount equal to all Daily Facility Costs (other
                         than those described in clause (ii) of the
                         definition of "Daily Facility Costs") which have
                         accrued but are not payable on such day;

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                   (v)   Fifth, to pay the Seller the Purchase Price of
                         Purchased Receivables pursuant to Section 2.1(d)
                         hereof;

                  (vi)   Sixth, to pay amounts described in clause (ii) of
                         the definition of "Daily Facility Costs" which are
                         then due and payable;

                 (vii)   Seventh, at the option of the Issuer, to the
                         payment of principal of the Purchase Money Note
                         (or, if there is no outstanding balance on the
                         Purchase Money Note, to the payment of principal
                         of the Hillhaven Note) or to the prepayment of
                         Liquidity Loans that are then prepayable without
                         premium or penalty (or in the case of Eurodollar
                         Loans (as defined in the Liquidity Agreement) at
                         the end of an Interest Period applicable thereto);
                         provided, that, the Purchase Money Note and the
                         Hillhaven Note may not be prepaid hereunder unless
                         the conditions specified in Section 2.01(c) of the
                         Liquidity Agreement are satisfied on the date of
                         such prepayment; and

                (viii)   Eighth, at the option of the Issuer to be
                         (x) retained by the Issuer or (y) paid out by the
                         Issuer as a Restricted Payment or (z) otherwise
                         applied by the Issuer; provided that, in each
                         case, all applicable Requirements of Law and
                         Contractual Obligations are complied with.

               (b)  Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account shall be
          applied, together with any amounts being applied pursuant to
          subsection (a) above, to pay on the due date thereof the
          respective Daily Facility Costs with respect to which they were
          deposited in the Collateral Account.

               (c)  The order of application of amounts to pay Daily
          Facility Costs pursuant to Subsection (a)(iii) and (b) shall be
          as follows:

                    (i)  First, to amounts described in clause (iii) of the
                         definition of "Daily Facility Costs"; and

                   (ii)  Second, to amounts described in clause (iv) of the
                         definition of "Daily Facility Costs" (in such
                         order as the Issuer shall determine).

               (d)  During the continuation of an Amortization Event or
          following the occurrence of any event described in clause (ii) or
          (iii) of the definition of "Transfer Termination Date", the order
          of application of amounts referred to in Subsection (a) above
          shall be as follows:

                    (i)  First, to pay interest then due and payable or
                         overdue on Liquidity Loans;

                   (ii)  Second, to repay principal of Liquidity Loans then
                         due and payable or overdue;
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                  (iii)  Third, to be held as cash collateral to secure
                         payment of amounts referred to in clauses (i)
                         through (ii) hereof until all such amounts have
                         been paid and satisfied in full;

                   (iv)  Fourth, to the payment of amounts described in
                         clause (iii) of the definition of "Daily Facility
                         Costs";

                    (v)  Fifth, to the payment of the amounts described in
                         clause (iv) of the definition of "Daily Facility
                         Costs";

                   (vi)  Sixth, to the prepayment in full of all Liquidity
                         Loans which are then prepayable without premium or
                         penalty, together with interest accrued thereon;

                  (vii)  Seventh, to the payment of interest and then
                         principal of the Purchase Money Note; 

                 (viii)  Eighth, to the payment of interest and then
                         principal of the Hillhaven Note, and

                   (ix)  Ninth, the balance, if any, to be retained by the
                         Issuer or as a court of competent jurisdiction
                         shall otherwise direct.

               Section 6.4.  Purchase Money Note

               (a)  If, and to the extent that, the Issuer is unable on any
          Business Day to fund (from all sources available to it,
          including, without limitation, internally generated funds as well
          as external funding sources) the Purchase Price of Agency
          Receivables being sold under Section 2.1(d), the Issuer shall
          authorize appropriate notations to increase the amount of the
          Purchase Money Note.

               (b)  The principal balance of the Purchase Money Note is
          subject to mandatory adjustment as provided in Section 6.6 and to
          prepayment as provided in Section 6.3.

               (c)  The Issuer agrees that it will utilize all funding
          sources available to it (including without limitation, internally
          generated funds) such that the principal balance of the Purchase
          Money Note is (at least as frequently as each Settlement Date)
          the minimum possible.

               Section 6.5.  Daily Reports.  On each Date of Processing,
          each Servicer will determine (based on estimates) and report to
          the Master Servicer, for the preceding day, Collections with
          respect to such Servicer's respective Purchased Receivables and
          such Servicer's respective new Receivables; and the Master
          Servicer shall determine for the preceding day the aggregate
          Collections and aggregate new Purchased Receivables and shall
          determine for such day the Daily Facility Costs, and shall
          prepare a report (the "Daily Report") setting forth such
          information and such other information specified in Exhibit I.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 6.6.  Adjustment Procedures.  On each Settlement
          Date, the Master Servicer shall determine the actual amount of
          Collections and the actual Balances of Purchased Receivables
          purchased during the preceding Collection Period (and, in the
          case of the initial Settlement Date, the actual Balances of
          Purchased Receivables purchased on the Closing Date) and shall
          prepare a statement (the "Settlement Statement") setting forth
          such actual amounts and the other calculations and information
          specified in the form of Settlement Statement attached as
          Exhibit C for the prior Collection Period.  The Master Servicer
          shall complete such Settlement Statement and deliver it to the
          Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank and the Collateral Agent by
          12:00 noon (City of Los Angeles time) on each Settlement Date. 
          Each Settlement Statement may be transmitted by telecopy to the
          telecopy numbers specified in Section 12.6 and shall thereafter
          be promptly mailed to the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Collateral
          Agent, and the Issuer at the address for notices for each such
          party specified in Section 12.6 (and in the case of the Liquidity
          Agent Bank, to its Notice Office).  To the extent the actual
          amounts specified in the Settlement Statement differ from the
          estimates calculated pursuant to Section 6.5 or as contemplated
          by Section 2.1(f), the following adjustments shall be made:

                    (i)  If and to the extent that the estimated Balance of
               new Purchased Receivables exceeds the actual Balance of new
               Purchased Receivables, the Issuer shall decrease the Balance
               of its Purchased Receivables and decrease the outstanding
               principal balance of the Purchase Money Note by the amount
               of such excess multiplied by the Discount Factor; provided,
               that, if so decreasing the outstanding principal balance of
               the Purchase Money Note would reduce the outstanding
               principal balance of the Purchase Money Note below $0, the
               Seller shall pay to the Issuer, in immediately available
               funds, an amount equal to the amount by which the
               outstanding principal balance of the Purchase Money Note
               would otherwise be reduced below $0.

                   (ii)  If and to the extent that the actual Balance of
               new Purchased Receivables exceeds the estimated Balance of
               new Purchased Receivables, the Issuer shall increase the
               Balance of its Purchased Receivables and pay to the Seller,
               in immediately available funds, an amount equal to the
               amount of such excess multiplied by the Discount Factor or
               to the extent the Issuer is unable to fund (from all sources
               available to it, including without limitation internally
               generated funds as well as external funding sources) such
               payment, increase the outstanding principal balance of the
               Purchase Money Note by the amount of such excess multiplied
               by the Discount Factor.

                  (iii)  If and to the extent that the estimated amount of
               Collections exceeds the actual amount of Collections, the
               Issuer shall (A) increase the Balance of its Purchased
               Receivables by the amount of such excess multiplied by the
               Discount Factor, (B) decrease its gross revenues by 1.4%
               multiplied by the amount of such excess and (C) pay to the
               Seller, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to
               the amount of such excess, or to the extent the Issuer is
               unable to fund (from all sources available to it, including
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               without limitation internally generated funds as well as
               external funding sources) such payment, increase the
               outstanding balance of the Purchase Money Note by the amount
               of such excess.

                   (iv)  If and to the extent that the actual amount of
               Collections exceeds the estimated amount of Collections, the
               Issuer shall (A) decrease the Balance of its Purchased
               Receivables by the amount of such excess multiplied by the
               Discount Factor, (B) increase its gross revenues, by 1.4%
               multiplied by the amount of such excess and (C) decrease the
               outstanding principal balance of the Purchase Money Note;
               provided, however, that if so decreasing the outstanding
               principal balance of the Purchase Money Note would reduce
               the outstanding principal balance thereof to less than $0,
               in lieu of decreasing the outstanding principal balance of
               the Purchase Money Note below $0 the Seller shall pay to the
               Issuer, in immediately available funds, an amount equal to
               the amount by which the outstanding principal balance of the
               Purchase Money Note otherwise would be reduced below $0.

               Section 6.7.   Adjustments for Miscellaneous Credits and
                              Erroneous Charges.

               (a)  If during any Collection Period the respective Servicer
          or the Seller, as applicable, (i) adjusts the amount of any
          Receivable because of a rebate, refund or billing error to an
          Obligor, or (ii) discovers that a Receivable was created through
          an erroneous charge or (iii) otherwise compromises, adjusts,
          reduces, modifies or cancels any indebtedness evidenced by a
          Receivable without receiving cash therefor, the Servicer will
          deposit, or the Seller shall deposit, as applicable, cash into
          the Collection Account in an amount equal to such offset within
          two Business Days following such adjustment or discovery.  Such
          offset shall be treated as a Collection of the related
          Receivables in the Collection Period in which the obligation to
          repurchase such Receivables arose and shall be applied in
          accordance with this Article VI.  The obligation of the Servicer
          and the Seller to make such offsets shall survive the termination
          of this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any adjustment
          or compromise permitted as described in the last sentences of
          Sections 4.1, 4.3 or 4.4 shall be made by the respective Servicer
          or Seller without any obligation to make any payment hereunder.

               (b)  If any Purchased Receivable included in its outstanding
          Balance on the date of transfer thereof to the Issuer pursuant to
          Section 2.1 hereof any amounts which should have been written off
          by the Seller prior to the date of transfer thereof in accordance
          with the Seller's customary write-off procedures and practices,
          the Seller shall, within two Business days following discovery
          thereof by the Seller, deposit cash into the Collection Account
          in an amount equal to such amounts which so should have been
          written-off.  Such deposit shall be treated as a Collection of
          the related Purchased Receivables in the Collection Period in
          which the obligations to make such deposit arose and shall be
          applied in accordance with this Article VI.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                     ARTICLE VII

                        CERTAIN MATTERS RELATING TO THE SELLER

               Section 7.1.   Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of
                              the Obligations of, the Seller.

               (a)  Any corporation into which a Seller may be merged or
          consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger,
          conversion or consolidation to which the Seller shall be a party,
          or any Person succeeding to the business of the Seller shall be
          the successor of the Seller hereunder (without relieving the
          Seller of its responsibilities hereunder if it survives such
          merger, conversion or consolidation) without the execution or
          filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the
          parties hereto; provided, however, that, upon the request of the
          Issuer, the successor to the Seller shall execute an assumption
          agreement providing for the assumption by the successor to the
          Seller of the rights and obligations of the Seller hereunder in a
          form reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer; and provided further
          that (x) the surviving corporation shall be a direct or indirect
          wholly-owned subsidiary of Hillhaven and (y) the Liquidity Agent
          Bank shall have been notified of any such action.

               (b)  The obligations of the Seller hereunder shall not be
          assignable nor shall any Person succeed to the obligations of the
          Seller hereunder except in each case in accordance with the
          provisions of Section 7.1(a).

                                     ARTICLE VIII

                         OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO SERVICING

               Section 8.1.  Liability of the Servicers and Master
          Servicer; Indemnification.  Each Servicer and the Master
          Servicer, respectively, will indemnify the Issuer, its beneficial
          owners, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Liquidity Banks and the
          Collateral Agent from and against any loss, liability, expense,
          damage or injury suffered or sustained arising from acts or
          omissions of such Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the case
          may be.  The foregoing indemnity shall not be construed as to
          limit any rights (including without limitations rights to
          indemnity) which any such indemnified person shall be entitled
          under applicable law, rule, regulation or court decree, at equity
          or otherwise.

               Section 8.2.  Merger or Consolidation of, or Assumption of
          the Obligations of, the Servicers or Master Servicer.  Any
          corporation into which any Servicer or the Master Servicer may be
          merged or consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any
          merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Servicer or the
          Master Servicer shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the
          business of such Servicer or the Master Servicer shall be the
          successor of such Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the case
          may be, hereunder (without relieving such Servicer or the Master
          Servicer of its responsibilities hereunder if it survives such
          merger, conversion or consolidation), without the execution or
          filing of any paper; provided, however, that, upon the request of
          the Issuer, the successor to such Servicer or the Master
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Servicer, as the case may be, shall execute an assumption
          agreement providing for the assumption by the successor to such
          Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the case may be, of the
          rights and obligations of such Servicer or the Master Servicer
          hereunder in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer; and
          provided further that (x) the surviving corporation shall be a
          direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Hillhaven and
          (y) the Liquidity Agent Bank shall have been notified of any such
          action.

               Section 8.3.  Servicers and Master Servicer Not To Resign. 
          No Servicer or the Master Servicer shall resign from the
          obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon
          determination that (i) the performance of its duties hereunder is
          no longer permissible under applicable Requirements of Law and
          (ii) there is no reasonable action which the Servicer or the
          Master Servicer could take to make the performance of its duties
          hereunder permissible under applicable law or regulation.  Any
          such determination permitting the resignation of any Servicer or
          the Master Servicer shall be evidenced as to clause (i) above by
          an Opinion of Counsel to such effect delivered to the Issuer and
          the Liquidity Agent Bank.

               Section 8.4.  Delegation of Duties.  In the ordinary course
          of business, a Servicer or the Master Servicer may at any time
          delegate any of its duties hereunder to any Person who agrees to
          conduct such duties in accordance with the terms of this
          Agreement; provided, however (a) such delegation is not
          inconsistent with Section 9.3 and is otherwise in compliance with
          all applicable Requirements of Law; (b) such delegation shall not
          relieve the Servicer or the Master Servicer of its liability and
          responsibility with respect to such duties, and shall not
          constitute a resignation within the meaning of Section 8.3
          hereof; and (c) the Servicer or the Master Servicer shall assign
          to the Issuer all of the Servicer's or Master Servicer's, as the
          case may be, rights under the agreement or agreements pursuant to
          which such delegation is made.

               Section 8.5.  Monitoring.  If the Issuer and the Liquidity
          Agent Bank do not elect to replace a Servicer or the Master
          Servicer with a Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer
          following the occurrence of a Servicing Default, to the extent
          permitted by law, the Issuer and the Liquidity Agent Bank shall
          have the right to appoint a firm of independent public
          accountants to maintain the servicing of Purchased Receivables
          and to furnish to the Issuer and the Liquidity Agent Bank such
          letters, certificates and reports as either shall reasonably
          request.  The respective Servicer and the Master Servicer shall
          cooperate with such firm of independent public accountants.  The
          fees and expenses of such firm of independent public accountants
          shall be paid for by the respective Servicer or the Master
          Servicer, as the case may be.

               Section 8.6.  Confidentiality.  Notwithstanding any
          provision of this Agreement to the contrary, including, without
          limitation, Sections 4.1(g), 4.2(d), 4.3(g), 4.4(g), 8.5, 9.1 and
          10.2, in no event shall the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the
          Liquidity Agent Bank or any Liquidity Bank have access to any
          patient records required by any law, rule or regulation of any
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Governmental Authority, the JCAHO or any similar agency, or any
          other regulatory or professional organization to which the Master
          Servicer, the Seller, Pasatiempo or Northwest belongs or is
          subject, to be kept confidential; provided, however, that the
          Master Servicer, the Seller, Pasatiempo and Northwest shall each
          use its reasonable efforts to furnish, or cause to be furnished,
          information reasonably requested by the Issuer, Master Servicer,
          Liquidity Agent Bank or any Liquidity Bank, as the case may be,
          relating to the Purchased Receivables without violating any such
          law, rule or regulation.

                                      ARTICLE IX

                                  SERVICING DEFAULTS

               Section 9.1.  Servicing Defaults.  If any one of the
          following events (a "Servicing Default") shall occur and be
          continuing:

                    (a)  any failure by any Servicer or the Master Servicer
               to make any payment, transfer or deposit or any demand,
               report, statement or other certification (in any such case,
               of any kind whatsoever) to give instructions or notice to
               the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent Bank on or before the date
               occurring five Business Days after the date such payment,
               transfer, deposit or report, statement or other
               certification (in any such case, of any kind whatsoever) or
               such instruction or notice is required to be made or given,
               as the case may be, under the terms of this Agreement;

                    (b)  any Servicer or the Master Servicer shall assign
               its duties under this Agreement, except as permitted by
               Section 8.4;

                    (c)  failure on the part of any Servicer or the Master
               Servicer duly to observe or perform in any material respect
               any of its other respective covenants or agreements set
               forth in this Agreement, which continues unremedied for a
               period of 30 days after the earlier of (i) knowledge of such
               failure by any Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the case
               may be, or (ii) there shall have been given, by registered
               or certified mail, to any Servicer or the Master Servicer by
               the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent Bank a written notice
               specifying such failure and requiring that it be remedied;

                    (d)  any representation, warranty or certification made
               (or deemed made) by any Servicer or the Master Servicer in
               this Agreement or in any certificate delivered pursuant to
               this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any
               material respect when made (or deemed made) or when
               delivered and such incorrectness is not remedied in all
               material respects within 30 days after the earlier of
               (i) knowledge of such failure by such Servicer or the Master
               Servicer, as the case may be, or (ii) there shall have been
               given, by registered or certified mail to such Servicer or
               the Master Servicer by the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent
               Bank, a written notice specifying such incorrectness and
               requiring that it be remedied;
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (e)  the entry of a decree or order for relief by a
               court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of any
               Servicer or the Master Servicer in an involuntary case under
               any applicable Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, or
               other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing
               a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
               sequestrator, or similar official of Hillhaven or any Seller
               or for any substantial part of any of their respective
               property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of any
               Servicer or the Master Servicer and such order, decree or
               appointment remains unstayed and in effect for more than 60
               days;

                    (f)  any Servicer or the Master Servicer shall commence
               a voluntary case under any applicable Federal or state
               bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law now or hereafter in
               effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an
               involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the
               appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator,
               assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar
               official of any Servicer or the Master Servicer or for any
               substantial part of any of their respective property, or
               make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
               the failure by any Servicer or the Master Servicer generally
               to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of
               any action by any Servicer or the Master Servicer in
               furtherance of any of the foregoing;

          then, so long as the Servicing Default shall not have been waived
          or remedied, either the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent Bank by
          written notice to the affected Servicer or the Master Servicer (a
          "Termination Notice"), may terminate all of the rights and
          obligations of such Servicer or of the Master Servicer, as the
          case may be, under this Agreement.

               Upon the occurrence of any such event, the affected Servicer
          or the Master Servicer, as the case may be, shall not be relieved
          from using its best efforts to perform its obligations in a
          timely manner in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
          such Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the case may be, shall
          provide the Issuer and the Liquidity Agent Bank prompt notice of
          such failure or delay by it, together with a description of its
          efforts to so perform its obligations.  Each Servicer or the
          Master Servicer, as the case may be, shall immediately notify the
          Issuer and the Liquidity Agent Bank in writing of any Servicing
          Default.

               After receipt by a Servicer or the Master Servicer, as the
          case may be, of such Termination Notice, and on the date that a
          Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer, as the case may
          be, shall have been appointed by the Issuer or the Liquidity
          Agent Bank pursuant to Section 9.2, all authority and power of
          such Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may be, under this
          Agreement shall pass to and be vested in a Successor Servicer or
          Successor Master Servicer, as the case may be; and, without
          limitation, the Issuer is hereby authorized and empowered (upon
          the failure of the Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may
          be, to cooperate) to execute and deliver, on behalf of such

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may be, as attorney-in-
          fact or otherwise, all documents and other instrument or
          instruments, and to do and accomplish all other acts or things
          necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such transfer
          of servicing rights.  The affected Servicer or Master Servicer,
          as the case may be, agrees to cooperate at its expense with the
          Issuer and such Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer,
          as the case may be, in effecting the termination of the
          responsibilities and rights of such Servicer or the Master
          Servicer, as the case may be, to conduct servicing hereunder,
          including, without limitation, the transfer to such Successor
          Servicer or Successor Master Servicer, as the case may be, of all
          authority of the affected Servicer or Master Servicer, as the
          case may be, to service the Purchased Receivables provided for
          under this Agreement, including, without limitation, all
          authority over all Collections which shall on the date of
          transfer be held by the affected Servicer or Master Servicer, as
          the case may be, for deposit, or which have been deposited by
          such Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may be, in the
          Issuer Accounts, or which shall thereafter be received with
          respect to the Purchased Receivables and to assist the Successor
          Servicer or Successor Master Servicer.  The affected Servicer or
          Master Servicer, as the case may be, shall promptly transfer its
          electronic records relating to the Purchased Receivables to the
          Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer in such
          electronic form as the Successor Servicer or Successor Master
          Servicer may reasonably request and shall promptly transfer to
          the Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer all other
          records, correspondence and documents necessary for the continued
          servicing of the Purchased Receivables in the manner and at such
          times as the Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer
          shall reasonably request.  To the extent that compliance with
          this Section 9.1 shall require the affected Servicer or Master
          Servicer, as the case may be, to disclose to the Successor
          Servicer or Successor Master Servicer information of any kind
          which the affected Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may
          be, reasonably deems to be confidential, the Successor Servicer
          or Successor Master Servicer shall be required to enter into such
          customary licensing and confidentiality agreements as the
          affected Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may be, shall
          deem necessary to protect its interest.

               Section 9.2.   Appointment of Successor Servicer or
                              Successor Master Servicer.

               (a)  On and after the receipt by a Servicer or Master
          Servicer, as the case may be, of a Termination Notice pursuant to
          Section 9.1, the affected Servicer or Master Servicer, as the
          case may be, shall continue to perform all servicing functions
          under this Agreement until the date specified in the Termination
          Notice or otherwise specified by the Issuer or the Liquidity
          Agent Bank, as the case may be, by notice to such Servicer or
          Master Servicer, as the case may be, or, if no such date is
          specified in such Termination Notice, or otherwise specified by
          the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent Bank, as the case may be, until
          a date mutually agreed upon by such Servicer or the Master
          Servicer, as the case may be, and the Issuer or the Liquidity
          Agent Bank, as the case may be.  The Issuer and the Liquidity
          Agent Bank shall as promptly as possible after the giving of a
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Termination Notice appoint a successor Servicer (a "Successor
          Servicer") or successor Master Servicer (a "Successor Master
          Servicer"), as the case may be, and such Successor Servicer or
          Successor Master Servicer shall accept its appointment by a
          written assumption in a form acceptable to the Issuer and the
          Liquidity Bank.

               (b)  Upon its appointment, the Successor Servicer or
          Successor Master Servicer shall be the successor in all respects
          to the respective Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may
          be, with respect to servicing functions under this Agreement and
          shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and
          liabilities relating thereto placed on the respective Servicer or
          Master Servicer, as the case may be, by the terms and provisions
          hereof, and all references in this Agreement to the respective
          Servicer or Master Servicer, as the case may be, shall be deemed
          to refer to the Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer. 
          Without limiting the foregoing, the Successor Servicer or
          Successor Master Servicer shall be deemed to make as to itself
          each of the representations set forth herein in Section 3.1 or
          3.3, as the case may be.

               (c)  The Successor Servicer or Successor Master Servicer
          shall be entitled to servicing compensation with respect to the
          Purchased Receivables sufficient to pay the Successor Servicer or
          Successor Master Servicer a reasonable fee (including the
          estimated costs of such servicing and a reasonable profit).  Such
          servicing compensation shall be a reasonable fee determined by
          the Issuer in the following manner:  (i) if it is commercially
          reasonable to obtain estimates or bids of five or more potential
          Servicers prepared to service the Purchased Receivables, a
          reasonable fee shall not exceed 15% in excess of the average of
          such bids or estimates; (ii) if it is commercially reasonable to
          obtain estimates or bids of only three or four potential
          Servicers prepared to service the Purchased Receivables, a
          reasonable fee shall not exceed 10% in excess of the average of
          such bids or estimates; (iii) if estimates or bids are obtained
          from only two potential Servicers prepared to service the
          Purchased Receivables, a reasonable fee shall not exceed 5% in
          excess of the average of such bids or estimates; and (iv) if an
          estimate or bid is received from only one potential Servicer
          prepared to service the Purchased Receivables, such estimate or
          bid shall be deemed a reasonable fee.  In the event that such fee
          shall exceed the previous Servicing Fee, the outgoing Servicer
          shall be liable to, and shall make payment to, the Successor
          Servicer or the Successor Master Servicer, as the case may be, in
          the amount of such shortfall for each period during which such
          Successor Servicer or the Successor Master Servicer, as the case
          may be, is acting hereunder.

               Section 9.3.  Collection of Medicaid Payments by Servicers. 
          Notwithstanding any provision of any Related Document to the
          contrary, (a) all Medicaid payments which are made by an Obligor
          with respect to any Purchased Receivable shall be collected from
          such Obligor only by the Servicer which furnished the services
          for which such payments are made, except to the extent that an
          Obligor may be required to submit any such payments directly to a
          Person other than the Servicer pursuant to a court-ordered 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          assignment which is valid, binding and enforceable under
          applicable federal and state Medicaid laws, rules and
          regulations; and no Related Document shall be construed to permit
          any other Person, in violation of applicable federal and state
          Medicaid laws, rules and regulations to collect or receive, or to
          be entitled to collect or receive, any such payments prior to the
          Servicer's receipt thereof, and (b) this Agreement and the
          Related Documents shall not effect, nor shall this be construed
          to effect, any assignment of Medicaid payments in contravention
          of applicable federal and state Medicaid laws, rules and
          regulations.  Each party hereto consents to entry, after an
          Amortization Event has occurred and so long as it is continuing,
          of court orders requiring Obligors to submit such payments
          directly to the Collateral Agent for application in accordance
          with Section 6.3.

                                      ARTICLE X

                            MATTERS RELATING TO THE ISSUER

               Section 10.1.  Recourse.  Except as otherwise expressly
          provided herein, the Issuer is purchasing and will purchase the
          Purchased Receivables without recourse to the Seller (or
          Northwest or Pasatiempo) or the respective Servicer or the Master
          Servicer and the Issuer shall bear all economic benefit and
          economic risk of loss inherent in owning the Purchased
          Receivables.  The Issuer, as opposed to the Seller (or Northwest
          or Pasatiempo) or the Servicers, shall bear all losses arising
          out of any default of the Obligor with respect to any Purchased
          Receivable while such Purchased Receivable is owned by the
          Issuer.

               Section 10.2.  Inspection of Books and Records.  The Issuer
          shall have the right to review and inspect the Seller's and the
          Servicers' books and records as such books and records apply to
          the respective Purchased Receivables and to make copies and
          extracts therefrom and cause such books and records, as they
          relate to the respective Purchased Receivables, to be audited by
          a firm of independent public accountants selected by the Issuer.

                                      ARTICLE XI

                                      INDEMNITY

               Section 11.1.  Indemnity.

               (a)  By the Seller.  The Seller agrees to indemnify the
          Issuer, the Liquidity Agent Bank, the Collateral Agent and the
          Liquidity Banks (the "Indemnified Parties") and each of them
          against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs
          and expenses (including without limitation reasonable fees and
          expenses of counsel) imposed on, asserted against or suffered or
          incurred by any of them and which in any way arise out of or
          relate to:

                    (i)  any taxes which may be asserted or imposed at any
               time in respect of purchases and sales of any Purchased
               Receivable (or in connection with payments by the related
               Obligor thereunder);
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                   (ii)  the lack of enforceable ownership and/or first
               perfected priority and general first Lien status against all
               Persons (including without limitation any bankruptcy trustee
               or similar Person) in favor of the Issuer in any Purchased
               Receivable or any direct or indirect proceeds thereof;

                  (iii)  any omission, misrepresentation or breach by the
               Seller hereunder or under, or in connection with, any of its
               respective Purchased Receivables or the transactions out of
               which it arose;

                   (iv)  any Purchased Receivable which is or becomes an
               Ineligible Receivable;

                    (v)  the inaccuracy in any material respect at each
               time made or deemed made of the Receivable Information or of
               any representation or warranty made by the Seller (or any of
               its Authorized Officers) under or in connection with or any
               Related Documents or in any information or report delivered
               by the Seller pursuant hereto or thereto;

                   (vi)  the failure by the Seller to comply with any
               applicable Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation with
               respect to any of its respective Purchased Receivables;

                  (vii)  any dispute, claim, offset or defense of the
               Obligor to the payment of any of its respective Purchased
               Receivables (including, without limitation, a defense based
               on such Receivables not being a legal, valid and binding
               obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in
               accordance with its terms);

                  (viii) any failure of the Seller to perform its duties or
               obligations in accordance with the provisions of this
               Agreement;

                   (ix)  any non-compliance by the Seller with the "bulk
               transfer" or analogous laws of any jurisdiction or
               jurisdictions; or

                    (x)  any Regulatory Change which (i) changes the method
               or basis of taxation of any amounts payable to the Issuer
               under this Agreement in respect of any Purchased Receivables
               (ii) is applicable to banks generally notwithstanding the
               financial condition of any particular bank and imposes or
               modifies any reserve, special deposit, deposit insurance or
               assessment, capital or similar requirements relating to any
               extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits
               with or other liabilities of, the Liquidity Agent Bank or
               any Liquidity Bank or (iii) imposes any other condition
               affecting any Related Document (or any of such extensions of
               credit or liabilities).

               (b)  By Northwest.  Northwest agrees to indemnify the
          Indemnified Parties, and each of them, against any and all
          losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses
          (including without limitation reasonable fees and expenses of
          counsel) imposed on, asserted against or suffered or incurred by
          any of them and which in any way arise out of or relate to:
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (i)  any omission, misrepresentation or breach by
               Northwest hereunder or under, or in connection with, any
               Northwest Receivable or the transactions out of which it
               arose;

                   (ii)  the inaccuracy in any material respect at each
               time made or deemed made of the Receivable Information or of
               any representation or warranty made by Northwest (or any of
               its Authorized Officers) under or in connection with any
               Related Document or in any information or report delivered
               by Northwest pursuant thereto;

                  (iii)  the failure by Northwest to comply with any
               applicable Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation with
               respect to any Northwest Receivable;

                   (iv)  any dispute, claim, offset or defense of the
               Obligor to the payment of any Northwest Receivable
               (including, without limitation, a defense based on such
               Receivable not being a legal, valid and binding obligation
               of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with
               its terms);

                    (v)  any failure of Northwest to perform its duties or
               obligations in accordance with the provisions of this
               Agreement; or

                   (vi)  any non-compliance by Northwest in connection
               herewith or with the Northwest Agreement with the "bulk
               transfer" or analogous laws of any jurisdiction or
               jurisdictions.

               (c)  By Pasatiempo.  Pasatiempo agrees to indemnify the
          Indemnified Parties, and each of them, against any and all
          losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses
          (including without limitation reasonable fees and expenses of
          counsel) imposed on, asserted against or suffered or incurred by
          any of them and which in any way arise out of or relate to:

                    (i)  any omission, misrepresentation or breach by
               Pasatiempo hereunder or under, or in connection with, any
               Pasatiempo Receivable or the transactions out of which it
               arose;

                   (ii)  the inaccuracy in any material respect at each
               time made or deemed made of the Receivable Information or of
               any representation or warranty made by Pasatiempo (or any of
               its Authorized Officers) under or in connection with any
               Related Document or in any information or report delivered
               by Pasatiempo pursuant thereto;

                  (iii)  the failure by Pasatiempo to comply with any
               applicable Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation with
               respect to any Pasatiempo Receivable;





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                   (iv)  any dispute, claim, offset or defense of the
               Obligor to the payment of any Pasatiempo Receivable
               (including, without limitation, a defense based on such
               Receivable not being a legal, valid and binding obligation
               of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with
               its terms);

                    (v)  any failure of Pasatiempo to perform its duties or
               obligations in accordance with the provisions of this
               Agreement; or

                   (vi)  any noncompliance by Pasatiempo in connection
               herewith or with the Pasatiempo Agreement with the "bulk
               transfer" or analogous laws of any jurisdiction or
               jurisdictions.

               (d)  Third-Party Claims.

                    (i)  Any Indemnified Party shall notify the Seller,
          Northwest or Pasatiempo (each, an "Indemnifying Party"), as the
          case may be, promptly after such Indemnified Party's receipt of
          notice, or such Indemnified Party otherwise becoming aware, of
          any third party claims with respect to which indemnification may
          be sought under this Section 11.1.  Such notice shall be in
          writing and shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions
          of Section 12.6 hereof.  If any such action is brought against
          any Indemnified Party and it notifies the Indemnifying Party of
          the commencement thereof, the Indemnifying Party shall promptly
          assume the defense thereof with counsel chosen by it and approved
          by the Indemnified Party (who shall not, except with the consent
          of the Indemnified Party, be counsel to the Indemnifying Party),
          so long as the Indemnified Party is reasonably satisfied with the
          Indemnifying Party's defense thereof and the Indemnified Party
          does not reasonably determine that the Indemnifying Party's
          participation in or assumption of the defense would be
          inappropriate due to actual differing interests between the
          Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party.  Without limiting
          the generality of the foregoing, any one or more of the
          Indemnified Parties shall have the right to employ counsel in any
          such action, and the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify and hold
          harmless the Indemnified Party from and against any loss or
          liability by reason of such third party claim, including without
          limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and costs (including the
          costs of in-house counsel), except to the extent that the
          Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense thereof in accordance
          with this Section 11.1 and provided that the Indemnifying Party's
          liability for the fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party's
          counsel shall not extend to more than one separate firm of
          attorneys at any point in time for any Indemnified Party for any
          one claim or any one group of substantially similar or related
          separate claims arising out of the same allegations or
          circumstances.  At such time as the Indemnified Party notifies
          the Indemnifying Party that (a) the Indemnified Party is not
          reasonably satisfied with such defense or counsel or (b) the
          Indemnified Party has reasonably determined that the Indemnifying
          Party's assumption of the defense has become inappropriate due to
          actual differing interests between the Indemnified Party and the
          Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall deliver notice to
          the Indemnifying Party in accordance with the provisions of
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Section 12.6 hereof, the Indemnified Party shall subsequently be
          entitled to assume the defense thereof with counsel chosen by it,
          and the Indemnifying Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the
          Indemnified Party in accordance with the terms hereof.

                    (ii)  In accordance with the provisions of Section
          12.6, the Indemnified Party shall notify the Indemnifying Party,
          and the Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party, of
          any bona fide offer of settlement of a third party claim, and
          neither the Indemnifying Party nor the Indemnified Party shall
          accept any such offer without the other's prior written consent,
          not to be unreasonably withheld, provided that the Indemnifying
          Party may effect a settlement of any pending or threatened
          proceeding covered by the indemnities contained in this paragraph
          if such settlement includes an unconditional release of the
          Indemnified Party from any and all liability on claims that are
          the subject matter of such proceeding.  If a bona fide settlement
          offer is accepted by the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified
          Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for any loss or
          liability by reason of such settlement.

               (e)  Indemnity Not to Provide Recourse.  The parties intend
          that this Section 11.1 not be applied to provide direct or
          indirect assurance to any Indemnified Party against loss by
          reason of the bankruptcy or insolvency (or other credit
          condition) of, or default by, the related Obligor on, or the
          collectability of, any Purchased Receivable.

                                     ARTICLE XII

                              MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

               Section 12.1.  Transfer Termination Date.  The Issuer shall
          have no obligation to purchase Receivables on any date subsequent
          to the Transfer Termination Date.

               Section 12.2.  Termination of Agreement; Sale of
          Receivables.  This Agreement shall terminate on the date on which
          all Credits Outstanding and all amounts due hereunder and under
          the Related Documents shall have been paid in full. 
          Notwithstanding any termination, all obligations under Sections
          2.2 and 5.4 and under Articles VI, IX and XI shall survive.

               Section 12.3.  Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended
          only in a writing signed by the Servicers, the Seller, Northwest,
          Pasatiempo, the Master Servicer, the Issuer, the Liquidity Agent
          Bank and the Collateral Agent.

               Section 12.4.  Intention of the Parties.  It is the
          intention of the parties hereto that the transactions arising
          under this Agreement be treated as a present and absolute sale of
          the Purchased Receivables.  The terms of this Agreement shall be
          construed to further this intention of the parties.  In the event
          that such transactions are held by a court of competent
          jurisdiction not to constitute a sale, the parties hereto intend
          that such transactions constitute the grant of (and the parties
          hereto hereby grant and agree that, in such event, the applicable
          parties shall have, by the provisions of this Agreement, granted)
          a security interest in all of the Seller's (and Northwest's and
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Pasatiempo's) right, title and interest in and to the Purchased
          Receivables and the Proceeds thereof and that this Agreement
          constitute a security agreement under applicable law.

               Section 12.5.  Governing Law.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
          GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE
          STATE OF WASHINGTON, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAW
          PROVISIONS.  THE PARTIES HERETO EACH IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE
          NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY WASHINGTON STATE OR FEDERAL
          COURT SITTING IN THE CITY OF SEATTLE, WASHINGTON, OVER ANY SUIT,
          ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS
          AGREEMENT, EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVING ANY OBJECTION TO THE
          VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING SO BROUGHT AS WELL
          AS ANY CLAIM OF INCONVENIENT FORUM.

               Section 12.6.  Notices.  All demands, notices and
          communications under this Agreement not otherwise permitted to be
          made by telecopy hereunder shall be in writing and shall be
          deemed to have been duly given if personally delivered at or
          mailed by registered mail, return receipt requested, In the case
          of:

               If to the Issuer:

                    Hillhaven Funding Corporation
                    1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA  98401-2264

                    Attention:     Vice President and Treasurer
                    Telephone:     (206) 756-4807
                    Telecopy:      (206) 756-4890

               and a copy to:

                    The Hillhaven Corporation
                    1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA  98401-2264

                    Attention:     General Counsel
                    Telephone:     (206) 756-4797
                    Telecopy:      (206) 756-4845

               If to the Seller:

                    First Healthcare Corporation
                    c/o The Hillhaven Corporation
                    1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA  98401-2264

                    Attention:     General Counsel
                    Telephone:     (206) 756-4797
                    Telecopy:      (206) 756-4845







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               If to Northwest:

                    Northwest Health Care, Inc.
                    c/o The Hillhaven Corporation
                    1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA  98401-2264

                    Attention:     General Counsel
                    Telephone:     (206) 756-4797
                    Telecopy:      (206) 756-4845

               If to Pasatiempo:

                    Pasatiempo Development Corp.
                    c/o The Hillhaven Corporation
                    1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA  98401-2264

                    Attention:     General Counsel
                    Telephone:     (206) 756-4797
                    Telecopy:      (206) 756-4845

               If to the Master Servicer:

                    The Hillhaven Corporation
                    1148 Broadway Plaza
                    Tacoma, WA  98401-2264

                    Attention:     General Counsel
                    Telephone:     (206) 756-4797
                    Telecopy:      (206) 756-4845

               If to the Collateral Agent:

                    Seattle First National Bank
                    701 Fifth Avenue, CSC 12
                    Seattle, WA  98101-1688

                    Attention:     Thomas Rook
                    Telephone:     (206) 358-8004 
                    Telecopy:      (206) 358-3113

               If to the Agent:

                    Notice Office:

                    Bank of America National Trust
                         and Savings Association
                    555 South Flower Street
                    11th Floor, #5618
                    Los Angeles, CA  90071

                    Attention:     Brad DeSpain
                    Telephone:     (213) 228-3262
                    Telecopy:      (213) 228-2756
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    Payment Office:

                    Bank of America National Trust
                      and Savings Association
                    333 South Beaudry Avenue
                    Los Angeles, CA  90017
                    Attention:     Betsy Quinio
                    Telex:         BANKAMER SFO 34346
                    Telephone:     (213) 345-6531
                    Telecopy:      (213) 345-6550
                    Routing/ABA #: 1210-00358
                    Incoming Wire
                      Acct. #:     12331-83980

               If to a Liquidity Bank:

                         at its address set forth in Schedule I
                         to the Liquidity Agreement

          or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be
          designated by such party in a written notice to each other party. 


               Section 12.7.  Severability of Provisions.  If any one or
          more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this
          Agreement shall for any reason whatsoever be held invalid, then
          such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed
          severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provision or
          terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity
          or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement.

               Section 12.8.  Assignment.  Notwithstanding anything to the
          contrary contained herein, except as provided in Sections 8.2 and
          9.2, this Agreement may not be assigned by any party without the
          prior consent of the Issuer and of the Liquidity Agent Bank.

               Section 12.9.  Further Assurances.  The Seller, Northwest,
          Pasatiempo, the Master Servicer and each Servicer agree to do and
          perform, from time to time, any and all acts and to execute any
          and all further instruments required or reasonably requested by
          the Issuer or the Liquidity Agent Bank to more fully effect the
          purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the
          execution of any financing statements or continuation statements
          relating to the Purchased Receivables for filing under the
          provisions of the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction

               Section 12.10.  No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.  No failure
          to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the
          Issuer, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall
          operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial
          exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
          preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of
          any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights,
          remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative
          and not exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges
          provided by law.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 12.11.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be
          executed in two or more counterparts (and by different parties on
          separate counterparts), each of which shall be an original, but
          all of which together shall constitute one and the same
          instrument.

               Section 12.12.  Binding Effect; Benefit of Agreement. 
          Subject to Section 12.8, the provisions of this Agreement shall
          be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto
          and their respective successors and assigns.  This Agreement
          shall also inure to the benefit of the Liquidity Agent Bank and
          the Collateral Agent which are hereby expressly declared to be
          third party beneficiaries hereof.

               Section 12.13.  Nonpetition Covenant.  Notwithstanding any
          prior termination of this Agreement, Hillhaven, Pasatiempo,
          Northwest, the Servicers, the Master Servicer and the Seller
          shall not, prior to the date which is one year and one day after
          the termination of this Agreement, acquiesce, petition or
          otherwise, directly or indirectly, invoke or cause the Issuer to
          invoke the process of any court of Governmental Authority for the
          purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer
          under any Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law
          or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee,
          custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer
          or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding
          up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer.

               Section 12.14.  Headings.  The headings herein are for
          purpose of reference only and shall not otherwise affect the
          meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof.

               Section 12.15.  General Provision as to Payments.  Except as
          otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments hereunder
          (including without limitation all net settlements occurring in
          any Settlement Date) shall be made prior to 12:00 noon (City of
          Los Angeles Time) on the date specified therefor and in funds
          immediately available in the City of Los Angeles.

               Section 12.16.  Additional Parties Hereto.

               (a)  In the event that (x) one or more wholly-owned
          subsidiaries of Hillhaven, now owned or hereafter acquired, is
          primarily engaged in the same business as is conducted on the
          Execution Date by the Seller, Pasatiempo and Northwest or
          (y) Hillhaven reorganizes its corporate structure such that
          facilities generating Agency Receivables on the Execution Date
          (or acquired as contemplated by clause (x)) are owned by one or
          more additional wholly-owned subsidiaries of Hillhaven, the
          wholly-owned subsidiaries referred to in clauses (x) and (y) may,
          following 30-days advance written notice to and with the written
          consent of the Liquidity Agent Bank (which consent shall not be
          unreasonably withheld or delayed), become parties to this
          Agreement upon delivery to the Issuer and the Liquidity Agent
          Bank of:




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (i)  a duly executed instrument in writing reasonably
               satisfactory to them, agreeing to become a party to this
               Agreement with the same effect as if named herein in a
               similar capacity (including, without limitation in their
               capacities as Servicers) as Northwest and Pasatiempo;

                   (ii)  a duly executed agreement with the Seller in
               substantially the form of the Northwest Agreement and the
               Pasatiempo Agreement; and

                  (iii)  documents relating to such subsidiary of the kind
               delivered by Northwest and Pasatiempo pursuant to clauses
               (a) through (d), (i) and (j) of Schedule I hereto.

               Upon the addition of any wholly-owned subsidiary of
          Hillhaven as a party hereto as contemplated by Subsection (a)
          above and without further act or documentation of any kind, the
          provisions of this Agreement and the Related Documents shall be
          deemed amended such that such subsidiary assumes obligations, and
          is entitled to rights, and the other provisions of this Agreement
          and the Related Documents (including, without limitation Article
          IX hereof) apply to the same extent as the same apply to,
          Northwest and Pasatiempo (including without limitation in their
          capacities as Servicers) on the Execution Date.

               (c)  Without limiting the effect of Subsection (b) above,
          the parties hereto agree, that following the joinder of any
          additional parties hereto pursuant to this Section, upon the
          request of any of the parties hereto, to cause this Agreement to
          be amended (or, if so requested, amended and restated) to reflect
          in full text the effect of Subsection (b) above.

               Section 12.17.  Arbitration.  At the request of the
          Liquidity Agent Bank, acting on behalf of the Required Liquidity
          Banks, or the Issuer, Hillhaven, the Seller, or any Servicer, any
          controversy or claim between the Liquidity Banks, the Issuer,
          Hillhaven, the Seller, or any Servicer arising from or relating
          to this Agreement or any Related Document executed in connection
          with this Agreement or any Related Document or arising from any
          alleged tort shall be settled by arbitration in King County,
          Washington.  The United States Arbitration Act will apply to the
          arbitration proceedings which will be administered by the
          American Arbitration Association under its commercial rules of
          arbitration, except that unless the amount of the claim(s) being
          arbitrated exceeds $5,000,000 there shall be only one arbitrator. 
          Any controversy over whether an issue is arbitrable shall be
          determined by the arbitrator(s).  Judgement upon the arbitration
          award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  The
          institution and maintenance of any action for judicial relief or
          pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute
          a waiver of the right of either party, including plaintiff, to
          submit the controversy or claim to arbitration if such action for
          judicial relief is contested.

                    For purposes of the application of the statute of
          limitations the filing of an arbitration as provided herein is
          the equivalent of filing a lawsuit and the arbitrator(s) will
          have the authority to decide whether any claim or controversy is
          barred by the statute of limitations, and if so, to dismiss the
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          arbitration on that basis.  The parties consent to the joinder in
          the arbitration proceedings of any party having an interest
          related to the claim or controversy being arbitrated.

                    No provision of this Section shall limit the right of
          the Issuer, Hillhaven, the Seller, or any Servicer or the
          Liquidity Banks to exercise self-help remedies such as setoff,
          foreclosure or sale of any collateral, or obtaining any ancillary
          provisional or interim remedies from a court of competent
          jurisdiction before, after or during the pendency of any
          arbitration proceeding.  The exercise of any such remedy does not
          waive the right of any party to request arbitration.

               Section 12.18.  Replacement of Original Master Sale and
          Servicing Agreement.  The Original Master Sale and Servicing
          Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated and superseded by
          this Agreement.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
          Agreement to be duly executed by their respective officers as of
          the day and year first above written.

                                        HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION



                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider 
                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 



                                        FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION


                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider 
                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 


                                        NORTHWEST HEALTH CARE, INC.

                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider 
                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 


                                        PASATIEMPO DEVELOPMENT CORP.

                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider 
                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 


                                        THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                                        By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider 
                                        Title: Vice President & Treasurer 





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.55
<SEQUENCE>19
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 10.55

                       AMENDED AND RESTATED LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT


                                        among


                            HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION,

                                    as the Issuer


                            BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
                               AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION

                                         and

                             SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK

                                     as the Banks



                                         and



                BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION

                                       as Agent

                                         and

                             SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK

                                 as Collateral Agent










                              Dated as of April 29, 1994











          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       Page

          ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS  1

          ARTICLE II  THE LOANS                                          6
               Section 2.01   The Loans                                  6
               Section 2.02   Notices of Borrowing for Loans             7
               Section 2.03   Disbursement of Funds                      7
               Section 2.04   The Loan Notes                             8
               Section 2.05   Interest                                   8
               Section 2.06   Interest Periods                           9
               Section 2.07   Conversions and Continuations             10
               Section 2.08   Termination or Reduction of Commitment    10
               Section 2.09   Extensions of Expiration Date             11
               Section 2.10   Increased Costs; Reduced Return           11
               Section 2.11   Taxes                                     12
               Section 2.12   Compensation                              14
               Section 2.13   Expenses and Indemnification              14
               Section 2.14   Market Unavailability                     16
               Section 2.15   Borrowing in Accordance With Percentage
                              Interests                                 18

          ARTICLE III  OTHER CREDIT TERMS                               18
               Section 3.01   Fees                                      18

          ARTICLE IV  PAYMENTS                                          18
               Section 4.01   Payments on Non-Business Days             18
               Section 4.02   Prepayments                               18
               Section 4.03   Method and Place of Payment, Etc.         19
               Section 4.04   Repayment of Loans                        20

          ARTICLE V  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT                               20
               Section 5.01   Conditions to Effectiveness               20
               Section 5.02   Representations and Warranties            24
               Section 5.03   Conditions to Execution                   24

          ARTICLE VI  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER      24
               Section 6.01   Organization and Good Standing            24
               Section 6.02   Power; Authorization; Enforceable         24

          Obligation                                                    24
               Section 6.03   No Legal Bar                              25
               Section 6.04   No Litigation                             25
               Section 6.05   Investment Company Act                    25
               Section 6.06   No Default                                25
               Section 6.07   Perfection of Security Interest           26

          ARTICLE VII  COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER                          26
               Section 7.01   Information                               26
               Section 7.02   Activities                                27
               Section 7.03   Additional Stock                          27
               Section 7.04   Maintenance of Existence                  27
               Section 7.05   Maintenance of Properties                 27
               Section 7.06   Compliance with Laws                      27
               Section 7.07   Notice of Proceedings                     28
               Section 7.08   Use of Proceeds                           28
               Section 7.09   Limitation on Debt                        28
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 7.10   Negative Pledge                           28
               Section 7.11   Consolidations, Mergers, Acquisitions, 
                              and Sales of Assets                       28
               Section 7.12   Restricted Payments                       29
               Section 7.13   Corporate Existence                       29
               Section 7.14   Books and Records                         32
               Section 7.15   Reduction of Outstanding Debt             32
               Section 7.16   Issuer Equity                             32
               Section 7.17   Borrowing Plan                            32
               Section 7.18   Post-Closing Legal Opinions               32

          ARTICLE VIII  EVENTS OF DEFAULT                               33
               Section 8.01   Events of Defaults                        33
                              (a) Payments                              33
                              (b) Representations                       33
                              (c) Covenants                             33
                              (d) Voluntary Bankruptcy Proceedings 
                                  of the Issuer                         33
                              (e) Involuntary Bankruptcy Proceedings       
                                  Against the Issuer                    34
                              (f) Judgments                             34
                              (g) Obligations                           34
                              (h) Related Documents                     34
                              (i) Material Adverse Change               34
                              (j) Change in Laws                        34
                              (k) Ownership                             35
               Section 8.02   Collection of Medicaid Payments by 
                              Servicers                                 35

          ARTICLE IX  MISCELLANEOUS                                     36
               Section 9.01   Computations                              36
               Section 9.02   Exercise of Rights; Remedies Cumulative   36
               Section 9.03   Amendment and Waiver                      36
               Section 9.04   Successors and Assigns                    36
               Section 9.05   Adjustments                               38
               Section 9.06   Notices; Requests; Demands                39
               Section 9.07   Survival of Representations and 
                              Warranties                                40
               Section 9.08   Governing Law                             41
               Section 9.09   Counterparts                              41
               Section 9.10   Further Assurances                        41
               Section 9.11   Appointment of the Agents                 41
                              (a) The Agent                             41
                              (b) Appointment of the Collateral Agent   42
                              (c) Reliance                              43
                              (d) Defaults                              44
                              (e) Indemnification                       44
                              (f) Rights as Banks                       45
                              (g) No Representations                    45
                              (h) Resignation of the Agent              46
               Section 9.12   Descriptive Headings                      47
               Section 9.13   Notice                                    47
               Section 9.14   Arbitration                               47
               Section 9.15   Replacement of Original Liquidity 
                              Agreement                                 48




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          EXHIBITS

          A    Borrowing Plan
          B    Borrowing Base Certificate
          C    Form of Pledge and Security Agreement
          D    Form of Notice of Borrowing for Revolving Loans
          E    Form of Revolving Loan Note
          F    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (First Healthcare)
          G    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Northwest)
          H    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Pasatiempo)
          I    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Hillhaven)
          J    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Issuer)
          K    Opinion of Brown and Wood
          L    Opinion of Reed Smith Shaw & McClay
          M    Novation Agreement
          N    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Postclosing/First Healthcare)
          O    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Postclosing/Northwest)
          P    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Postclosing/Pasatiempo)
          Q    Opinion of Richard P. Adcock (Postclosing/Issuer)
          R    Depositary Agreement



          SCHEDULES

          I  -   List of Banks
          II -   List of 1990 Financing Statements
































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                       AMENDED AND RESTATED LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT


                    THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT is dated
          as of April 29, 1994 (this "Agreement"), among HILLHAVEN FUNDING
          CORPORATION, a Nevada corporation (the "Issuer"), BANK OF AMERICA
          NATIONAL TRUST AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION ("BofA") and SEATTLE-FIRST
          NATIONAL BANK ("Seafirst") (collectively, the "Banks"), and BofA
          as agent for the Banks (in such capacity, the "Agent").  This
          Agreement amends and restates that certain Liquidity Agreement
          dated as of July 1, 1990 (as amended, the "Original Liquidity
          Agreement"), among the Issuer, the Banks listed on Schedule I
          thereto (collectively, the "Original Banks"), and Banque
          Indosuez, New York Branch, as Agent (the "Original Agent").  The
          Original Liquidity Agreement was amended by the First Amendment
          to Liquidity Agreement dated as of September 17, 1991, and the
          Omnibus Second Amendment to Liquidity Agreement and Second
          Amendment to Master Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of
          November 23, 1992.

                                       RECITALS

               A.   The parties to the Original Liquidity Agreement desire
          that the Original Banks assign all of their right, title and
          interest under the Original Liquidity Agreement and certain
          related documents to Seafirst and BofA.

               B.   The Issuer, Seafirst and BofA desire to make certain
          modifications to the terms and conditions of the Original
          Liquidity Agreement, including without limitation elimination of
          the commercial paper facility and addition of borrowing base
          requirements with respect to the Revolving Loans.

               C.   The parties hereto wish to amend and restate the
          Original Liquidity Agreement on the terms and conditions set
          forth herein.

                    The parties hereto agree as follows:

                                      ARTICLE I

                                     DEFINITIONS

                    Unless otherwise specified, capitalized terms used
          herein undefined shall have the respective meanings specified in
          the Amended and Restated Master Sale and Servicing Agreement
          dated as of the date hereof (as from time to time amended,
          supplemented or modified, the "Sale and Servicing Agreement"),
          among the Issuer, First Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware
          corporation, Northwest Health Care, Inc., an Idaho corporation,
          Pasatiempo Development Corp., a California corporation, and The
          Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation.

                    The following terms shall have the following meanings:

                    "Adjusted LIBOR Rate" shall mean, with respect to any
          Interest Period, a rate per annum (rounded upwards, to the
          nearest 1/100 of 1%) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          (i) the applicable LIBOR Rate by (ii) a percentage equal to 100%
          minus the maximum stated rate of all reserve requirements
          (including, without limitation, any marginal, emergency,
          supplemental, special or other reserves) that would be applicable
          to any member of the Federal Reserve System during such Interest
          Period in respect of eurocurrency or eurodollar funding, lending
          or liabilities.

                    "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to a Person, any
          other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
          by or is under common control with such Person.  The term
          "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
          power to direct or cause the direction of the management and
          policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting
          securities, by contract or otherwise.

                    "Agents" shall mean the Agent and the Collateral Agent.

                    "Authorized Agent Officers" shall mean officers of the
          Agent authorized to give notices, requests, instructions, make
          demand and take other action on behalf of the Agent.

                    "Available Commitment" shall mean, at any time, an
          amount equal to (i) the Commitment minus (ii) an amount equal to
          the aggregate principal amount of all Loans then outstanding.

                    "Borrowing" shall mean the incurrence of Loans from the
          Banks on a given date pursuant to Section 2.01 or 2.02.

                    "Borrowing Base" means, at any time, an amount equal to
          eighty percent (80%) of the Eligible Receivables.

                    "Borrowing Plan" means the Seattle-First National Bank
          Customer Borrowing Plan Assigned Accounts Receivable
          substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto.

                    "Borrowing Base Certificate" means the Borrowing Base
          Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

                    "Closing Date" shall have the meaning specified in
          Section 5.01.

                    "Collateral" shall mean the Collateral as defined under
          the Pledge Agreement. 

                    "Collateral Agent" shall mean Seafirst or any successor
          Collateral Agent under the Pledge Agreement.

                    "Commitment" shall mean the obligation of the Banks to
          make Loans in a maximum aggregate principal amount equal to
          $40,000,000 at any time outstanding, as such amount may from time
          to time be adjusted pursuant to this Agreement.

                    "Debt" of any Person means at any date, without
          duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed
          money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds,
          debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all
          obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in
          the ordinary course of business, (iv) all obligations of such
          Person as lessee under capital leases, (v) all Debt of others
          secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not
          such Debt is assumed by such Person, and (vi) all Debt of others
          guaranteed by such Person.

                    "Default" shall mean any event or condition which, with
          the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would become an
          Event of Default.

                    "Eligible Receivables" means (a) the face amount of
          Purchased Receivables which are (i) not outstanding for more than
          90 days after the date of any invoice or bill therefor; (ii) not
          evidenced by chattel paper; (iii) not Defaulted Receivables or
          Ineligible Receivables; (iv) not affected by a breach of any
          representation, warranty or covenant under Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.4,
          3.5, 4.1, 4.3 or 4.4 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, which
          breach would have a material adverse effect on the interests of
          the Issuer or the Liquidity Banks in such Purchased Receivable;
          and (v) in compliance with the requirements for Accounts Eligible
          for Borrowing specified in the Borrowing Plan; less (b) all
          amounts which Obligors are or claim to be entitled to set off
          against, or used in reduction of, amounts otherwise due to the
          Issuer.

                    "Eurodollar Business Day" shall mean any Business Day
          on which commercial banks in London are open for domestic and
          international business (including dealings in dollar deposits).

                    "Eurodollar Loan" shall mean any Loan bearing interest
          at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate in
          accordance with Article II.

                    "Event of Default" shall have the meaning set forth in
          Section 8.01 hereof.

                    "Expiration Date" shall mean March 31, 1997, unless
          such date is extended in which case it shall be the last day of
          any extension of such date pursuant to Section 2.09 hereof;
          provided, that, if the Commitment is earlier terminated pursuant
          to the provisions of this Agreement, the Expiration Date shall be
          the effective date of such termination.

                    "Fed Funds Rate" shall mean, for any day, the Agent's
          effective borrowing rate to obtain overnight Federal funds for
          such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next
          preceding Business Day).

                    "Hillhaven" shall mean The Hillhaven Corporation, a
          Nevada corporation, and its successors.

                    "Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning specified in
          Section 2.13(c).

                    "Independent Directors" shall mean the members of the
          board of directors who are not, and have not at any time been:
          (x) a director, officer, employee or shareholder of Hillhaven or 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          any Affiliate thereof, or (y) a director, officer, employee or
          shareholder of any other Person or entity that, directly or
          indirectly, controls or is under common control with Hillhaven.

                    "Ineligible Securities" shall mean securities which may
          not be underwritten or dealt in by member banks of the Federal
          Reserve System under Section 16 of the Banking Act of 1933 (12
          U.S.C. Section 24, Seventh), as amended.

                    "Interest Period" shall have the meaning specified in
          Section 2.06.

                    "LIBOR Rate" shall mean, with respect to any Interest
          Period, the offered quotation to first-class banks in the London
          interbank eurodollar market by the Agent for Dollar deposits with
          maturities comparable to the Interest Period to be applicable to
          such Eurodollar Loan, determined as of the date which is two
          Eurodollar Business Days prior to the commencement of such
          Interest Period.

                    "Liquidity Facility Commitment Fee" shall have the
          meaning specified in Section 3.01.

                    "Loan Notes" shall mean the Revolving Loan Notes.

                    "Loans" shall mean the Revolving Loans.

                    "Notice of Borrowing" shall mean a notice to the Agent
          pursuant to Section 2.02.

                    "Notice of Conversion" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 2.07.

                    "Notice of Termination" shall have the meaning
          specified in Section 8.01.

                    "Notice Office" shall mean the office of the Agent at
          555 South Flower Street, Los Angeles, California 90071, or such
          other office as the Agent may designate in writing to the Issuer.

                    "Novation Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth
          in Section 5.01 hereof.

                    "Payment Office" shall mean the office of the Agent at
          333 South Beaudry Avenue, Dept. #5583, Los Angeles, California
          90017, or such other office as the Agent may designate in writing
          to the Issuer.

                    "Percentage" shall mean, with respect to each Bank, the
          respective percentage set forth opposite its name on Schedule I
          hereto.

                    "Pledge Agreement" means the Amended and Restated
          Pledge and Security Agreement substantially in the form of
          Exhibit C hereto, as from time to time amended, supplemented or
          modified.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    "Reference Loan" shall mean any Loan bearing interest
          at a rate determined by reference to the Reference Rate in
          accordance with Article II hereof.

                    "Reference Rate" shall mean the rate of interest
          publicly announced by the Agent in Los Angeles, California, from
          time to time in its sole discretion, as its Reference Rate, and
          may not be the lowest rate charged to its customers.  Loans may
          be priced at, above or below the Reference Rate, which is merely
          a reference rate with respect to which effective rates of
          interest are calculated.  In the event the Agent shall abolish or
          abandon the practice of establishing its Reference Rate, the
          Banks shall designate a comparable reference rate.

                    "Required Banks" shall mean, at any time, the Banks
          holding Loans representing at least 66-2/3% of the Commitment.

                    "Restricted Payment" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 7.12.

                    "Revolving Loan" shall mean a loan made by the Banks to
          the Issuer on a revolving basis (pursuant to a Notice of
          Borrowing delivered by the Issuer under Section 2.02(a)) in
          accordance with, and under the circumstances described in,
          Article II hereof.

                    "Revolving Loan Note" shall have the meaning specified
          in Section 2.04(a); "Revolving Loan Notes" shall have a
          correlative meaning.

                    "Subordinated Debt" shall mean indebtedness owing from
          the Issuer to Hillhaven under the Hillhaven Note, and
          indebtedness owing from the Issuer to First Healthcare under the
          Purchase Money Note.

                    "Type" shall mean any type of Revolving Loan, whether a
          Reference Loan or a Eurodollar Loan.

                                      ARTICLE II

                                      THE LOANS

                    Section 2.01  The Loans.

                    (a)  Subject to and upon the terms and conditions
          herein set forth, each Bank agrees, severally and not jointly, to
          make Revolving Loans to the Issuer at any time on or after the
          Closing Date and prior to the Expiration Date.  Each Revolving
          Loan shall, at the option of the Issuer be either a Reference
          Loan or a Eurodollar Loan.  All Revolving Loans made pursuant to
          a Borrowing shall be of one Type and no more than five Borrowings
          comprised of Eurodollar Loans shall be outstanding at any time. 
          The Issuer may borrow, pay or prepay and reborrow Loans on or
          after the Closing Date in accordance with the provisions hereof.

                    (b)  The Banks shall not be obligated on any day to
          make any Loans to the Issuer if (after giving effect to the use
          of proceeds of such Loans, and all payments to be made in 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement on the date of
          such Loans) (i) the Available Commitment would not be greater
          than or equal to zero, or (ii) the aggregate principal amount of
          all Loans then outstanding would exceed the lesser of the
          Borrowing Base or the Commitment.  No Bank shall be obligated on
          any day to make any Loan to the Issuer to the extent that the
          aggregate principal amount of such Bank's Loans outstanding at
          any time would exceed (after giving effect to such Loan and the
          use of proceeds thereof, and all other payments to be made in
          accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement on the date of
          such Loan) an amount equal to such Bank's Percentage multiplied
          by the aggregate amount of the Commitment.

                    (c)  The obligation of each Bank to make any Revolving
          Loan hereunder is subject at the time of the making thereof to
          the conditions that:  (i) the conditions specified in
          Subsection (b) above being complied with; (ii) the Issuer shall
          not have voluntarily commenced any proceeding or filed any
          petition under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law seeking
          the dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Issuer and
          shall not have taken any action for the purpose of effectuating
          any of the foregoing; (iii) no involuntary proceedings or an
          involuntary petition shall have been commenced or filed against
          the Issuer by any Person under any bankruptcy, insolvency or
          similar law seeking the dissolution, liquidation or
          reorganization of the Issuer, and, if commenced or filed, such
          proceeding or petition shall not have been dismissed within 60
          days after commencement or filing, as the case may be;
          (iv) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such
          Revolving Loan, there shall exist no Default or Event of Default;
          and (v) the representations and warranties of the Issuer herein
          shall be true and correct in all material respects as if made on
          such date.

                    Section 2.02  Notices of Borrowing for Loans.  Whenever
          the Issuer desires to borrow a Revolving Loan, the Issuer shall
          give the Agent, at the Notice Office, written notice or
          telephonic notice (confirmed promptly in writing in substantially
          the form of Exhibit D hereto (the "Notice of Borrowing")) of the
          Borrowing no later than (i) 9:00 a.m. (City of Los Angeles time)
          on the proposed borrowing date in the case of Reference Loans and
          (ii) 9:00 a.m. (City of Los Angeles time) on the third Eurodollar
          Business Day prior to the proposed borrowing date in the case of
          Eurodollar Loans.  The Agent shall promptly (and in any event not
          later than 10:00 a.m. (City of Los Angeles time) on the date any
          Notice of Borrowing is given) give each Bank written notice or
          telephonic notice (confirmed promptly in writing) of each Notice
          of Borrowing.  Each Notice of Borrowing with respect to a
          Revolving Loan shall specify:  (1) the principal amount the
          Issuer desires to borrow hereunder and that such Borrowing is to
          be a Revolving Loan, (2) the date of Borrowing (which shall be a
          Business Day and, in the case of a Eurodollar Loan, a Eurodollar
          Business Day), (3) whether the requested Revolving Loan is to be
          initially maintained as a Reference Loan or a Eurodollar Loan and
          (4) if such Loan is to be maintained as a Eurodollar Loan, the
          initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto.  Each Borrowing
          of Revolving Loans that are Eurodollar Loans shall be in an
          amount of at least $3,000,000 or, if greater, in an integral
          multiple of $1,000,000.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    Section 2.03  Disbursement of Funds.  On the date
          specified in each Notice of Borrowing, each Bank will make
          available to the Agent for the account of the Issuer at the
          Payment Office, by 11:00 a.m. (City of Los Angeles time), its
          Percentage of the requested Loan in freely transferable Dollars
          and in immediately available funds of such Bank.  The proceeds of
          such Loans will then be made available by the Agent in freely
          transferable Dollars and in immediately available funds to the
          Issuer by 12:00 noon (City of Los Angeles time).

                    Section 2.04  The Loan Notes.

                    (a)  The Issuer's obligation to pay the principal of
          and interest on all the Revolving Loans made by each Bank shall
          be evidenced by a separate note in favor of such Bank (each, as
          from time to time amended, supplemented or modified, a "Revolving
          Loan Note") which shall (1) be dated the Closing Date (or in case
          any such Notes are issued subsequent to the Closing Date, such
          Notes shall be dated the date of such issuance); (2) be in the
          stated principal amount equal to such Bank's respective
          Percentage of the Commitment; (3) mature on the Expiration Date;
          (4) bear interest as provided in Section 2.05; (5) be payable to
          the order of such Bank; (6) be entitled to the benefits of this
          Agreement; and (7) be substantially in the form of Exhibit E to
          this Agreement with the blanks therein appropriately completed in
          conformity herewith.  Each Bank shall note on its internal
          records each Revolving Loan made by it and payment thereon and
          conversion thereof and, prior to any transfer of its Revolving
          Loan Note, such Bank shall endorse the outstanding principal
          amount of its Revolving Loan Note on the reverse side thereof;
          provided, however, that failure to make such notation or
          endorsement shall not adversely affect such Bank's rights with
          respect to any Revolving Loan.

                    (b)  Although the Revolving Loan Notes shall be dated
          the Closing Date (or in case any such Notes are issued subsequent
          to the Closing Date, such Notes shall be dated the date of such
          issuance) interest in respect thereof shall be payable only for
          the periods during which Revolving Loans are outstanding
          thereunder.  In addition, although the stated principal amount of
          each Bank's Revolving Loan Note shall be equal to such Bank's
          respective Percentage of the Commitment, such Bank's Revolving
          Loan Note shall be enforceable with respect to the Issuer's
          obligation to pay the principal thereof only to the extent of the
          unpaid principal amount of such Bank's Revolving Loans
          outstanding at the time such enforcement shall be sought.

                    Section 2.05  Interest.

                    (a)  The Issuer agrees to pay interest in respect of
          the unpaid principal amount of each Reference Loan for each day
          during the period from the date the proceeds thereof are made
          available to the Issuer until maturity at a rate per annum equal
          to the Reference Rate for such day.





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (b)  The Issuer agrees to pay interest in respect of
          the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Loan for each day
          during the period from the date the proceeds thereof are made
          available to the Issuer until maturity at a rate per annum equal
          to the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for the applicable Interest Period(s)
          in effect for such Eurodollar Loan plus 0.75%.

                    (c)  The Issuer agrees to pay interest in respect of
          the unpaid principal amount of and interest on (to the extent
          permitted by applicable law) each Loan from the due date thereof
          until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the Reference
          Rate plus 2%.

                    (d)  Accrued interest on Reference Loans shall be
          payable in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter. 
          Accrued interest in respect of the Eurodollar Loans shall be
          payable in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period
          therefor (and, in the case of Eurodollar Loans with an Interest
          Period greater than three months, at intervals of three months
          after the first day thereof).  Accrued interest on any Loan shall
          also be payable in arrears on the date of any prepayment or
          conversion thereof (on the amount prepaid or converted), and at
          maturity and, after such maturity, on demand.

                    (e)  The Agent, upon determining the Adjusted LIBOR
          Rate or the Reference Rate for any day, shall promptly notify the
          Issuer and the Banks thereof by giving written notice or
          telephonic notice (promptly confirmed in writing).

                    (f)  The Agent's determination of the interest rate(s)
          from time to time applicable to the Loans shall be conclusive in
          the absence of manifest error.

                    Section 2.06  Interest Periods.  At the time the Issuer
          gives any Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Conversion with
          respect to Revolving Loans which are to be made, converted or
          continued as Eurodollar Loans, the Issuer shall have the right to
          elect, by giving the Agent written notice or telephonic notice
          (promptly confirmed in writing), the Interest Period applicable
          to such Eurodollar Loans.  The term "Interest Period" shall mean,
          as to any Eurodollar Loan, the period commencing on the date of
          such Loan and ending on the numerically corresponding day (or, if
          there is no numerically corresponding day, on the last day) of
          the month that is 1, 2, 3 or 6 months thereafter, as the Issuer
          may elect; provided, that: (i) if any Interest Period would
          expire on a day which is not a Eurodollar Business Day, such
          Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding
          Eurodollar Business Day unless such next succeeding Eurodollar
          Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which
          case, such Interest Period shall expire on the next preceding
          Eurodollar Business Day; and (ii) no Interest Period shall extend
          beyond the Expiration Date.  If upon the expiration of any
          Interest Period for any Eurodollar Loan, the Issuer has failed to
          provide a Notice of Conversion or a notice specifying a new
          Interest Period to be applicable thereto as provided above, the
          Issuer shall be deemed to have elected to convert such Eurodollar
          Loan into a Reference Loan effective as of the expiration date of
          such current Interest Period.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    Section 2.07  Conversions and Continuations. Provided
          that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
          Issuer shall have the option, subject to the following provisions
          of this Section 2.07, (x) to convert on any Business Day (or
          Eurodollar Business Day in the case of a Conversion to, or
          continuation of, Eurodollar Loans) all or any part of the
          outstanding principal amount of Revolving Loans made pursuant to
          a single Borrowing from one Type of Revolving Loan into another
          Type and (y) to continue Eurodollar Loans for an additional
          designated Interest Period; provided, that, the outstanding
          principal amount of any Revolving Loan made pursuant to a single
          Borrowing being converted to a Eurodollar Loan pursuant to this
          Section 2.07 shall be at least $3,000,000.  Each such conversion
          or continuation shall be made among the Banks in accordance with
          the Banks' respective Percentages of the Commitment and shall be
          effected by the Issuer giving written notice or telephonic notice
          (promptly confirmed in writing) not later than 9:00 a.m. (City of
          Los Angeles time) on the third Eurodollar Business Day prior to
          conversion or continuation (each a "Notice of Conversion") of
          each proposed conversion or continuation to the Agent at its
          Notice Office.  The Agent shall promptly notify each Bank by
          telephone (confirmed promptly in writing) of each Notice of
          Conversion.  Each Notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and
          shall specify the Revolving Loans to be converted or continued,
          the Type of Loans to be converted into or continued and, if any
          Revolving Loans are to be converted into or continued as
          Eurodollar Loans, the Interest Period(s) to be applicable
          thereto.

                    Section 2.08  Termination or Reduction of Commitment.
          The Issuer shall have the right, at any time and from time to
          time, to (i) terminate the Commitment in whole or
          (ii) permanently reduce in a minimum amount of $5,000,000 (or
          integral multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof) the
          Commitment, by giving at least five (5) Business Days' prior
          written notice to the Agent specifying the scheduled date of such
          termination or reduction and the amount of any permitted partial
          reduction, together with such fees and costs as may be necessary
          to compensate the Banks for any reasonably calculated loss,
          including any break-funding costs.  The termination or reduction
          of the Commitment shall be effective on the scheduled date
          specified in the Issuer's notice.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
          the requested termination or reduction shall not be effective to
          the extent that, following such termination or reduction, the
          Available Commitment would not be greater than or equal to zero.
            
                    Section 2.09  Extensions of Expiration Date.

                    (a) Subject to subsection 2.09(b), the Commitment shall
          terminate on the Expiration Date.

                    (b)  No later than 120 days prior to March 31 of each
          year, and each subsequent anniversary thereof, the Issuer may
          notify the Agent of the Issuer's desire to extend the Expiration
          Date one additional year, whereupon the Agent shall promptly
          notify the Banks in writing or by telephone (promptly confirmed
          in writing) of such notice from the Issuer.  Each Bank shall
          notify the Agent in writing of its decision with respect to the 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Issuer's request not later than 20 days after its receipt of
          notice from the Agent.  If all Banks consent to the extension,
          the Agent shall so notify the Issuer in writing or by telephone
          (promptly confirmed in writing) no later than the next succeeding
          May 31 following receipt of the Issuer's request for such
          extension, whereupon the Expiration Date shall be extended for
          one additional year.  Unless the Agent shall have so notified the
          Issuer by such date, the Issuer's request for such extension
          shall be deemed rejected.

                    Section 2.10  Increased Costs; Reduced Return.

                    (a)  If, after the date hereof, the introduction of, or
          any change in, any law, rule or regulation, or in the
          interpretation or administration thereof (in any case, applicable
          to banks generally notwithstanding the financial condition of any
          particular bank) by any Governmental Authority charged with the
          interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any
          Bank with any request or directive applicable to banks generally
          notwithstanding the financial condition of any particular bank
          (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental
          Authority, shall either (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any
          reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against the
          Commitment or assets held by, or deposits in or for the account
          of, any Bank or (ii) impose on any Bank any other condition
          regarding this Agreement, the Commitment or its Loan Notes, and
          the result of any event referred to in clause (i) or (ii) of this
          subsection shall be to increase the cost to such Bank of
          maintaining the Commitment or issuing or maintaining its Loans
          (which increase in cost may be the result of such Bank's
          reasonable allocation of the aggregate of such cost increases
          resulting from such events), then, within ten days of demand of
          such Bank, the Issuer shall pay to such Bank all additional
          amounts which are necessary to compensate such Bank for such
          increased cost incurred by such Bank.  All payments of increased
          cost pursuant to this subsection shall bear interest thereon if
          not paid within ten days of such notice until payment in full
          thereof at the rate provided in Section 2.05(c).  A certificate
          as to such increased cost incurred by the Bank as a result of any
          event mentioned above and setting forth the additional amount or
          amounts to be paid to it hereunder and setting forth in
          reasonable detail the basis therefor and the method of
          calculation thereof shall be prepared in good faith and submitted
          by such Bank to the Issuer and shall be conclusive (absent
          manifest error) as to the amount thereof.  In determining such
          amount, such Bank may use any reasonable averaging and
          attribution methods.

                    (b)  If, after the date hereof, the introduction of, or
          any change in, any law, rule or regulation, or in the
          interpretation or administration thereof (in any case, applicable
          to banks generally notwithstanding the financial condition of any
          particular bank) by any Governmental Authority charged with the
          interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any
          Bank with any request or directive (applicable to banks generally
          notwithstanding the financial condition of any particular bank)
          regarding capital adequacy of any such Governmental Authority,
          whether or not having the force of law (including, without 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          limitation, any changes mandated by compliance with the
          "International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital
          Standards", dated July, 1988 (also known as the "Basel Accord")), 
          has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on
          any Bank's capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder
          to a level below that which such Bank could have achieved but for
          such introduction, change or compliance (taking into
          consideration such Bank's compliance requirements with respect to
          capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Bank to be
          material, then upon notice from such Bank, the Issuer shall pay,
          to such Bank, additional amounts which shall be sufficient to
          compensate such Bank for such reduced return.  A certificate as
          to such reduced return incurred by such Bank as a result of any
          event described above and setting forth the additional amount or
          amounts to be paid to it hereunder and setting forth in
          reasonable detail the basis therefor and the method of
          calculation thereof shall be prepared in good faith and submitted
          by such Bank to the Issuer and shall be conclusive (absent
          manifest error) as to the amount thereof.  In determining such
          amount, such Bank may use any reasonable averaging and
          attribution methods.

                    Section 2.11  Taxes.

                    (a)  All payments made under this Agreement and the
          Loan Notes shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and free
          and clear of, and without deduction for or on account of, any
          present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees,
          deductions, withholdings or restrictions or conditions of any
          nature whatsoever, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected,
          withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, excluding
          income and franchise taxes (including, without limitation, branch
          taxes) (but excluding from such exclusion, in the case of any
          Bank not organized under the laws of the United States or any
          state thereof, United States withholding tax payable with respect
          to any such payments under laws, including, without limitation
          any statute, treaty, ruling, determination or regulation in
          effect on the date hereof) (all such non-excluded taxes being
          called "Taxes").  If any Taxes are required to be withheld from
          any amounts payable to any Bank hereunder, the amounts so payable
          to such Bank shall be increased to the extent necessary to yield
          to such Bank (after payment of all Taxes) interest or any such
          other amounts payable hereunder at the rates or in the amounts
          specified in this Agreement.

                    (b)  The Issuer agrees to pay and to save each Bank
          harmless from all liability for, any present or future stamp,
          documentary and analogous taxes (including interest, penalties
          and fees), which may be payable in connection with this
          Agreement, the Borrowings hereunder, any Related Document or the
          issuance of the Loan Notes or any modification of any of the
          foregoing ("Other Taxes").

                    (c)  The Issuer will indemnify each Bank for the full
          amount of Taxes and Other Taxes (including without limitation any
          Taxes or Other Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts
          payable under this Section 2.11) paid by each Bank and any
          liability (including penalty, interest and expenses) arising 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          therefrom or with respect thereto.  This indemnification shall be
          made 30 days following written demand.  The Issuer's obligations
          under this Subsection (c) shall survive termination of this
          Agreement and repayment of the Loans.

                    (d)  Whenever any Taxes are required to be remitted to
          a taxing authority by the Issuer on behalf of any Bank, as
          promptly as possible thereafter the Issuer shall send to the
          Agent, for the account of such Bank, a certified copy of the
          original official receipt, if any, or other documentary evidence
          received by the Issuer showing payment thereof.  If the Issuer
          fails to remit to the Agent for the account of any Bank the
          required receipts or other required documentary evidence, the
          Issuer shall indemnify the Agent and such Bank for any
          incremental taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable
          by the Agent or such Bank as a result of any such failure.

                    (e)  Each Bank, other than a Bank organized under the
          laws of the United States or any state thereof, agrees to provide
          the Issuer with appropriate executed copies of Internal Revenue
          Service Form 4224 (or, alternatively, Internal Revenue Service
          Form 1001, but only if the applicable treaty described in such
          Form provides for a complete exemption from Federal income tax
          withholding), or any successor or other forms or additional
          information in connection therewith reasonably requested by the
          Issuer, (A) on the Closing Date and (B) upon the occurrence of
          any event which would require the amendment or resubmission of
          any such form previously provided hereunder.  If any Bank makes
          an assignment or sells a participation pursuant to Section 9.04
          hereof, it shall furnish to the Issuer, with respect to the
          assignee or the purchaser of the participation, the applicable
          duly executed forms described in this Section 2.11(e).

                    Section 2.12  Compensation.  The Issuer shall
          compensate each Bank upon its written request (which request
          shall set forth, in reasonable detail, the basis for requesting
          such amounts), for all losses, expenses and liabilities
          (including, without limitation, any interest paid by such Bank to
          lenders of funds borrowed by it to make or carry its Eurodollar
          Loans, any fees paid by such Bank to terminate the deposits from
          which such funds were obtained and any reasonably calculated loss
          sustained by such Bank, including any break-funding costs, which
          such Bank may sustain: (i) if for any reason (other than a
          default by such Bank) a borrowing of (or conversion to) any
          Eurodollar Loan does not occur on a date specified therefor in a
          Notice of Borrowing or a Notice of Conversion (whether or not
          withdrawn), (ii) if any repayment, prepayment or conversion of
          any Eurodollar Loan occurs (pursuant to Article VIII or
          otherwise, except pursuant to Section 2.14 (as to which
          conversion no payment of compensation hereunder shall be
          applicable)) on a date which is not the last day of an Interest
          Period applicable thereto, (iii) if any prepayment of any
          Eurodollar Loan is not made on any date specified in a notice of
          prepayment given by the Issuer or (iv) as a consequence of any
          other failure by the Issuer to repay its Eurodollar Loans as and
          when required by the terms of this Agreement.  These agreements
          and covenants made in this Section 2.12 shall survive the
          termination of this Agreement and payment of the Loan Notes.

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    Section 2.13  Expenses and Indemnification.

                    (a)  The Issuer shall pay (i) subject to any agreement
          between the Issuer and the Agent with respect to the extent
          thereof, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the
          Agent, including reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of
          its outside and in-house counsel, incurred in connection with the
          preparation, execution, delivery, amendment, modification and
          waiver of this Agreement, (ii) all out-of-pocket costs and
          expenses of the Agent, including the reasonable fees and out-of-
          pocket expenses of its outside and in-house counsel, incurred in
          connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other
          Related Documents, and (iii) all Receivables audit and monitoring
          costs of the Banks, which shall not exceed $10,000 annually.

                    (b)  The Issuer will (i) indemnify and hold harmless
          the Agent and each Bank and each director, officer, employee and
          affiliate thereof (each, an "Indemnified Party") from and against
          all losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities to which
          such Indemnified Party may become subject, insofar as such
          losses, claims, damages, expenses or liabilities (or action,
          suits or proceedings including any inquiry or investigation or
          claims in respect thereof) arise out of, in any way relate to, or
          result from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
          the Related Documents, including without limitation any failure
          of the Issuer to comply with any Medicaid laws or regulations,
          and (ii) reimburse each such Indemnified Party upon their demand,
          for any reasonable legal or other expenses incurred in connection
          with investigating, preparing to defend or defending any such
          loss, claim, damage, liability, action or claim; provided,
          however, that no Indemnified Party shall have the right to be so
          indemnified hereunder for its own (or, in the case of the Agent
          or any Bank, its director's, officer's, employee's or
          affiliate's) gross negligence, wilful misconduct or bad faith.

                    (c)  Third Party Claims.

                         (i)  Any Indemnified Party shall notify the Issuer
          (the "Indemnifying Party"), promptly after such Indemnified
          Party's receipt of notice, or such Indemnified Party otherwise
          becoming aware, of any third party claims with respect to which
          indemnification may be sought under this Section 2.13.  Such
          notice shall be in writing and shall be delivered in accordance
          with the provisions of Section 9.06 hereof.  If any such action
          is brought against any Indemnified Party and it notifies the
          Indemnifying Party of the commencement thereof, the Indemnifying
          Party shall promptly assume the defense thereof with counsel
          chosen by it and approved by the Indemnified Party (who shall
          not, except with the consent of the Indemnified Party, be counsel
          to the Indemnifying Party), so long as the Indemnified Party is
          reasonably satisfied with the Indemnifying Party's defense
          thereof and the Indemnified Party does not reasonably determine
          that the Indemnifying Party's participation in or assumption of
          the defense would be inappropriate due to actual differing
          interests between the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying
          Party.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any one
          or more of the Indemnified Parties shall have the right to employ
          counsel in any such action, and the Indemnifying Party shall 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Party from and
          against any loss or liability by reason of such third party
          claim, including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees
          and costs (including the costs of in-house counsel), except to
          the extent that the Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense
          thereof in accordance with this Section 2.13 and provided that
          the Indemnifying Party's liability for the fees and expenses of
          the Indemnified Party's counsel shall not extend to more than one
          separate firm of attorneys at any point in time for any
          Indemnified Party for any one claim or any one group of
          substantially similar or related separate claims arising out of
          the same allegations or circumstances.  At such time as the
          Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party that (a) the
          Indemnified Party is not reasonably satisfied with such defense
          or counsel or (b) the Indemnified Party has reasonably determined
          that the Indemnifying Party's assumption of the defense has
          become inappropriate due to actual differing interests between
          the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified
          Party shall deliver notice to the Indemnifying Party in
          accordance with the provisions of Section 9.06 hereof, the
          Indemnified Party shall subsequently be entitled to assume the
          defense thereof with counsel chosen by it, and the Indemnifying
          Party shall indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Party in
          accordance with the terms hereof.

                         (ii)  In accordance with the provisions of
          Section 9.06, the Indemnified Party shall notify the Indemnifying
          Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified
          Party, of any bona fide offer of settlement of a third-party
          claim, and neither the Indemnifying Party nor the Indemnified
          Party shall accept any such offer without the other's prior
          written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld, provided that
          the Indemnifying Party may effect a settlement of any pending or
          threatened proceeding covered by the indemnities contained in
          this paragraph if such settlement includes an unconditional
          release of the Indemnified Party from any and all liability on
          claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding.  If a bona
          fide settlement offer is accepted by the Indemnifying Party and
          the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be liable for
          any loss or liability by reason of such settlement.

                    (d)  All agreements and covenants made in this
          Section 2.13 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and
          the payment of the Loan Notes.

                    Section 2.14  Market Unavailability.  In the event
          that:

                         (i)  the Agent shall have determined on any date
               for determining the Adjusted LIBOR Rate for any Interest
               Period, that by reason of any changes arising after the date
               of this Agreement affecting the interbank Eurodollar market,
               adequate and fair means do not exist for ascertaining the
               applicable interest rate on the basis provided for in the
               definition of LIBOR Rate; or

                         (ii)  any Bank shall have determined at any time,
               that by reason of the introduction of (except as provided in

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Section 2.10(a) or (b)), or any change, since the date of
               this Agreement, in any law, governmental rule, regulation,
               guideline or order or any interpretation or administration
               thereof (in any case, applicable to banks generally
               notwithstanding the financial condition of any particular
               bank) by any Governmental Authority charged with the
               interpretation thereof, the Adjusted LIBOR Rate shall not
               represent the effective pricing to such Bank for funding or
               maintaining its affected Eurodollar Loans or its Commitment;
               or

                         (iii)  any Bank shall have determined at any time,
               that the making or continuance of any Eurodollar Loan has
               become unlawful by compliance by such Bank in good faith
               with any law, governmental rule, regulation, guideline or
               order or any interpretation or administration thereof by any
               Governmental Authority or official charged with the
               interpretation or administration thereof, or has become
               impracticable as a result of a contingency occurring after
               the date of this Agreement which materially and adversely
               affects the interbank Eurodollar market;

          then, and in any such event, the Agent (in the case of clause (i)
          above) or such Bank shall on such date give notice (by telephone
          confirmed in writing) to the Issuer and the Agent of such
          determination.  Thereafter:  (x) in the case of clause (ii)
          above, the Issuer shall either (A) pay such Bank, upon written
          demand therefor, such additional amounts (in the form of an
          increased rate of, or a different method of calculating, interest
          or otherwise as such Bank in its discretion, reasonably exercised
          and in good faith, shall determine) as shall be required to cause
          such Bank to receive interest with respect to its affected
          Eurodollar Loan at a rate per annum equal to the effective
          pricing to such Bank to make or maintain such Eurodollar Loan
          plus the applicable rate per annum for such Eurodollar Loan set
          forth in Section 2.05(b) (in each case accompanied by a
          certificate as to additional amounts owed such Bank, showing the
          basis for the calculation thereof, submitted to the Issuer by
          such Bank which shall, absent manifest error, be final and
          conclusive and binding on all parties) or (B) upon at least one
          Business Day's written notice to the Agent, require the affected
          Bank to convert its affected Eurodollar Loan to a Reference Loan
          and pay the foregoing amounts only up to the date of such
          conversion; and (y) in the case of clauses (i) or (iii), the
          Issuer shall either (A) if the affected Eurodollar Loan(s) is
          proposed to be made pursuant to a Borrowing or a conversion,
          cancel said Borrowing or conversion by giving the Agent
          telephonic notice (promptly confirmed in writing) thereof on the
          same date that the Issuer was notified by the Agent or such Bank
          pursuant to this Section 2.14 or (B) if the affected Eurodollar
          Loan(s) is then outstanding, upon at least one Business Day's
          written notice to the Agent, require (without additional cost to
          the Issuer, including without limitation, pursuant to
          Section 2.12 hereof) the affected Bank to convert its affected
          Eurodollar Loan(s) to Reference Loan(s).




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    Section 2.15  Borrowing in Accordance With Percentage
          Interests.  All Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the
          Banks simultaneously and in such amount as necessary so that
          after giving effect thereto, to the extent possible, the
          outstanding Loans of each Bank shall bear the same proportion to
          all outstanding Loans of all Banks as such Bank's Percentage
          bears to 100%.  It is understood that neither the Agent nor any
          Bank shall be responsible for any default by any other Bank in
          its obligations to make Loans hereunder and that each Bank shall
          be obligated to make the Loans provided to be made by it
          hereunder, regardless of the failure of any other Bank to fulfill
          its commitment hereunder.

                                     ARTICLE III

                                  OTHER CREDIT TERMS

                    Section 3.01  Fees.  A transaction fee of $100,000 per
          annum (the "Liquidity Facility Fee") shall be payable in advance
          to the Agent upon execution of this Agreement and on each
          anniversary thereafter.  Upon receipt of such payments, the Agent
          shall promptly distribute to each Bank its share thereof in
          accordance with the Bank's respective Percentages of the
          Commitment.  Upon any termination or permanent reduction by the
          Issuer of the Commitment in accordance with Section 2.08, the
          Agent shall refund the applicable pro rata portion of the
          Liquidity Facility Fee to the Issuer.

                                      ARTICLE IV

                                       PAYMENTS

                    Section 4.01  Payments on Non-Business Days.  Whenever
          any payment to be made hereunder or under any Loan Note shall be
          stated to be due on a day which is not a Business Day, the due
          date thereof shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
          Day and interest shall be payable on the amount owed at the
          applicable rate during such extension.

                    Section 4.02  Prepayments.

                    (a)  Subject to Section 2.12, the Issuer shall have the
          right to prepay the Loans in whole or in part, without premium,
          on any Business Day (in the case of Reference Loans) or upon the
          expiration of the Interest Period (in the case of Eurodollar
          Loans) on the following terms and conditions:  (i) in the case of
          Eurodollar Loans, the Issuer shall give the Agent at least three
          Eurodollar Business Days' prior written notice or telephonic
          notice (promptly confirmed in writing) of its intent to prepay
          Eurodollar Loans and the amount of such prepayment, which notice
          shall be irrevocable; (ii) in the case of Reference Loans, the
          Issuer shall give the Agent at least one Business Day's prior
          written notice or telephonic notice (promptly confirmed in
          writing) of its intent to prepay Reference Loans and the amount
          of such prepayment; and (iii) each prepayment (other than any
          described in subsection (b)) shall be in a principal amount of
          not less than $1,000,000 or equal to the then outstanding
          principal amount of the Loan or Loans being prepaid.  The Agent 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          shall promptly on the date any notice of prepayment is received
          by it give each Bank written or telephonic notice (promptly
          confirmed in writing) of such prepayment and of such Bank's
          proportionate share thereof.

                    (b) The Issuer, the Agent and the Banks hereby each
          agree that whenever the Sale and Servicing Agreement provides for
          the application of funds to prepay or repay Loans, such funds
          shall be applied, first, to any outstanding Loans that are
          Reference Loans, second, to any Eurodollar Loans maturing on the
          date of such payment and, third, as a prepayment of other
          Eurodollar Loans in such order as the Issuer shall determine. 
          The Issuer, the Banks and the Agent each agree that under the
          circumstances contemplated by the preceding sentence any notice
          of prepayment otherwise required hereby in order to apply such
          funds to prepay the Loans shall be deemed to have been properly
          given by the Issuer.

                    Section 4.03  Method and Place of Payment, Etc.  All
          payments by the Issuer under this Agreement and the Loan Notes
          owing to the Banks shall be sent to the Agent for the account of
          each Bank in accordance with the Bank's respective Percentages of
          the Commitment not later than 12:00 noon (City of Los Angeles
          time) on the date when due and shall be made in freely
          transferable Dollars and in immediately available funds at the
          Payment Office.  All such payments shall be sent to each Bank not
          later than 2:00 p.m. (City of Los Angeles time) on the date of
          receipt and shall be made in freely transferable Dollars and in
          immediately available funds to the addresses set forth in
          Section 9.06 hereto.  In the event the Agent does not forward any
          payments to the Banks at a time which would call for same day
          payment, the payment received by each Bank from the Agent shall
          include interest for the day or days such payment is not made
          (but excluding the day such amounts are returned by the Agent) at
          a rate per annum equal to the Fed Funds Rate, without reduction
          for any setoff or counterclaim of any nature whatsoever.  In the
          event that any Bank does not forward any payment to the Agent at
          a time which would call for same day payment, the payment
          received by the Agent from such Bank shall include interest for
          the day or days such payment is not made (but excluding the day
          such amounts are returned by such Bank) at a rate per annum equal
          to the Fed Funds Rate, without reduction for any setoff or
          counterclaim whatsoever.

                    Section 4.04  Repayment of Loans.  The principal of the
          Loans shall mature (subject to earlier acceleration or
          prepayment) and the entire principal amount thereof shall become
          due and payable on the Expiration Date.

                                      ARTICLE V

                                 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

                    Section 5.01  Conditions to Effectiveness.  This
          Agreement shall become effective on the date (the "Closing Date")
          which shall be the first day on which all of the following
          conditions have been satisfied or waived:


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (a)  receipt by the Agent of executed and delivered
          counterpart copies of all Related Documents, which shall be in
          full force and effect;

                    (b)  receipt by the Agent for the account of each Bank
          of a duly executed Revolving Loan Note payable to the order of
          such Bank in the amount and as otherwise provided for in
          Article II;

                    (c)  no Default or no Event of Default shall have
          occurred and be continuing;

                    (d)  all representations and warranties of the Issuer
          contained in any Related Document or in any document, certificate
          or financial or other statement delivered in connection herewith
          shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of
          the Closing Date;

                    (e)  receipt by the Agent of a certificate, dated the
          Closing Date and executed by an authorized signatory of the
          Issuer, stating that all of the conditions specified in
          Sections 5.01(c) and (d) are then satisfied;

                    (f)  receipt by the Agent of the following, in each
          case fully executed by all of the parties identified therein:

                         (i)  form UCC-1 financing statements covering the
          Collateral naming the Issuer as purchaser/secured party and the
          Collateral Agent as assignee and First Healthcare as
          seller/debtor in form to be filed in the State of Washington;

                        (ii)  form UCC-1 financing statements covering the
          Collateral naming First Healthcare as purchaser/secured party and
          the Issuer as assignee and Northwest Healthcare as seller/debtor
          in form to be filed in the State of Washington; 

                       (iii)  form UCC-1 financing statements covering the
          Collateral naming First Healthcare as purchaser/secured party and
          the Issuer as assignee and Pasatiempo as seller/debtor in form to
          be filed in the State of Washington;

                        (iv)  form UCC-1 financing statements covering the
          Collateral and naming the Issuer as debtor and the Collateral
          Agent as secured party in form to be filed in the States of
          Washington and Nevada;

                         (v)  form UCC-3 change statements amending each
          UCC financing statement identified on Schedule II hereto amending
          each such financing statement to cover the Collateral and
          assigning each such financing statement from the secured party
          therein and the assignee of the secured party therein, if any, to
          the Collateral Agent; and

                        (vi)  form UCC-3 change statements terminating
          (A) each of the UCC financing statements identified on Schedule
          II hereto as local filings and (B) each of the UCC financing
          statements filed in the states identified as "excluded states" on
          Schedule II hereto. 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (g)  receipt by the Agent and the Collateral Agent of
          certified copies of UCC searches from the State of Washington and
          for the Issuer, the State of Nevada, dated as of a recent date
          listing for each of Seller, the Issuer, First Healthcare,
          Pasatiempo and Northwest, all financing statements on file in
          such state that name any of such parties (or any predecessor of
          any of them) as debtor or assignor together with copies of all
          such listed financing statements;

                    (h)  receipt by the Agent of (x) certified copies of
          all corporate action taken by the Issuer to authorize the
          execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
          Loan Notes, (y) certified charter and bylaws of the Issuer and a
          good standing certificate for the Issuer from its jurisdiction of
          incorporation and (z) such other corporate documents and
          certificates as the Agent may reasonably request;

                    (i)  receipt by the Agent of a certificate, dated the
          Closing Date, of a duly authorized officer of the Issuer as to
          the incumbency, and setting forth a specimen signature, of each
          of the persons (i) who has signed this Agreement on behalf of the
          Issuer, (ii) who will sign the Loan Notes on behalf of the
          Issuer, and (iii) who will, until replaced by other persons duly
          authorized for the purpose, act as the representatives of the
          Issuer for the purpose of signing notices, requests or other
          communications or documents in connection with this Agreement and
          the transactions contemplated hereby;

                    (j)  all fees payable pursuant hereto and due upon the
          execution hereof or on the Closing Date shall have been paid;

                    (k)  receipt by the Agents of evidence that the
          Collateral Account and the Collection Account shall have been
          established;

                    (l)  the fact that Seller's designation of a Closing
          Date shall have become effective under the Sale and Servicing
          Agreement;

                    (m)  all conditions precedent specified in Schedule I
          to the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall have been satisfied and
          receipt by the Agent of copies or originals of all documents
          described therein, as applicable;

                    (n)  receipt by the Agent of copies of all agreements,
          opinions, certificates and other documents referred to in the
          Related Documents and such other documents as the Agent may
          reasonably request; and

                    (o)  receipt by the Agent of the Borrowing Base
          Certificate executed by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer,
          calculating the Borrowing Base as of the end of the immediately
          preceding month.

                    (p)  receipt by the Agent of each of the following
          legal opinions, each addressed to the Agent, the Collateral
          Agent, and the Banks and satisfactory to the Agent in form and
          substance:  

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (i)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to First Healthcare, in substantially the form of
          Exhibit F hereto, and as to such other matters as the Agent may
          reasonably request;

                        (ii)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to Northwest in substantially the form of Exhibit G
          hereto, and as to such other matters as the Agent may reasonably
          request;

                       (iii)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to Pasatiempo, in substantially the form of Exhibit H
          hereto, and as to such other matters as the Agent may reasonably
          request;

                        (iv)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to Hillhaven, in substantially the form of Exhibit I
          hereto, and as to such other matters as the Agent may reasonably
          request; 

                         (v)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to the Issuer, in substantially the form of Exhibit J
          hereto, and as to such other matters as the Agent may reasonably
          request;

                        (vi)  the Opinion of Brown and Wood, as counsel to
          Issuer, in substantially the form of Exhibit K hereto; and

                       (vii)  the Opinion of Reed Smith Shaw & McClay, as
          counsel to Issuer, in substantially the form of Exhibit L hereto.

                    (q)  receipt by the Agent of a novation agreement
          substantially in the form of Exhibit M hereto (the "Novation
          Agreement") and all other agreements, assignments, financing
          statement assignments, opinions, certificates and other documents
          as may be reasonably requested by the Agent to effectuate and
          evidence the assignment of all right, title and interest of the
          Original Agent and the Original Banks under the Original
          Liquidity Agreement and certain related documents to the Agent
          and the Collateral Agent;

                    (r)  receipt by the Agent of an audit of the
          Receivables, which shall be acceptable to the Banks in their sole
          discretion;

                    (s)  the representations and warranties of the Seller,
          Northwest, Pasatiempo and of Hillhaven contained in the Sale and
          Servicing Agreement shall be true and correct;

                    (t)  receipt by the Agent of a copy of the Seller's,
          Northwest's, Pasatiempo's and Hillhaven's corporate charters and
          all amendments thereto, certified as of a recent date by the
          Secretary of the Seller, Northwest, Pasatiempo and Hillhaven,
          respectively;

                    (u)  receipt by the Agent of certificates of recent
          date, issued by the Secretary of State of their respective states
          of incorporation, as to the legal existence and good standing of
          the Seller, Northwest, Pasatiempo and Hillhaven; 
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (v)  receipt by the Agent of duly certified copies of: 
          the Seller's, Northwest's, Pasatiempo's and Hillhaven's bylaws
          and board of directors resolutions approving the execution,
          delivery and performance of the Related Documents to which each
          is, respectively, a party and the transactions contemplated
          thereby; and evidence of the authority and incumbency of
          specified officers of the Seller, Northwest, Pasatiempo and
          Hillhaven to execute the Liquidity Agreement and the Related
          Documents to which each is, respectively, a party; and 

                    (w)  the Collateral Agent shall have entered into a
          depositary agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit R with
          Pittsburgh National Bank regarding the establishment and
          operation of the Collection and Collateral Accounts.

                    Section 5.02  Representations and Warranties.  At the
          date of each Borrowing and after giving effect thereto, all
          representations and warranties of the Issuer contained herein or
          in any Related Document or in any document, certificate or
          financial or other statement delivered in connection therewith
          and of the Seller and each Servicer contained in the Sale and
          Servicing Agreement or in any document, certificate or financial
          or other statement delivered in connection therewith, in each
          case shall be true and correct in all material respects with the
          same force and effect as though such representations and
          warranties had been made as of such date.

                    Section 5.03  Conditions to Execution.  Upon the
          execution hereof, the Issuer shall pay the Agent the Liquidity
          Facility Fee and the fees and disbursements of the Agent's and
          the Collateral Agent's counsel.

                                      ARTICLE VI

                     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER

                    Section 6.01  Organization and Good Standing.  The
          Issuer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
          good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is
          organized, and has, in all material respects, full corporate
          power, authority and legal right to own its property as such
          property is currently owned and to conduct its business as
          contemplated by the Related Documents and as currently conducted,
          and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the
          Related Documents.  The Issuer has no subsidiaries.

                    Section 6.02  Power; Authorization; Enforceable
          Obligation.  The Issuer has the power, authority and legal right
          to execute, deliver and perform the Related Documents to which it
          is, or is to be, a party, and to borrow hereunder and has taken
          all necessary action to authorize the Borrowings on the terms and
          conditions hereof and the execution, delivery and performance of
          the Related Documents.  No consent, license, permit, approval or
          authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or
          registration, filing or declaration with, any Governmental
          Authority or other Person is required for the execution, delivery
          and performance by the Issuer of the Related Documents which has
          not been obtained, made, given or accomplished.  The Related 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Documents to which it is, or is to be, a party have been duly
          executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Issuer
          and each constitutes, legal, valid and binding obligations of the
          Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their
          respective terms, except that the enforceability thereof may be
          subject to the effects of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
          reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter
          in effect relating to creditors' rights and to general principles
          of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
          considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).

                    Section 6.03  No Legal Bar.  The execution, delivery
          and performance by the Issuer of the Related Documents to which
          it is, or is to be, a party, will not violate any provision of
          any Requirement of Law applicable to the Issuer or any of its
          Property, nor violate or constitute a default under any
          Contractual Obligation applicable to the Issuer or any of its
          property, and will not, except as otherwise provided herein or
          under any of the other Related Documents, result in, or require,
          the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of its property,
          assets or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any Contractual
          Obligation.

                    Section 6.04  No Litigation.  No litigation,
          investigation or administrative proceeding of or before any
          court, arbitrator or governmental authority is pending nor, to
          the Issuer's knowledge, threatened against the Issuer or any of
          its assets (a) with respect to the Related Documents or the
          Borrowings hereunder or (b) that would have a material adverse
          effect on the business, operations, assets or financial or other
          condition of the Issuer.

                    Section 6.05  Investment Company Act.  The Issuer is
          not, and will not become, as a result of the transactions
          contemplated by any Related Document, an "investment company" or
          a company controlled by an "investment company" within the
          meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

                    Section 6.06  No Default.  Except as would not have a
          material adverse effect on the ownership or servicing of the
          Purchased Receivables and would not have a material adverse
          effect on the business, operations, assets or financial or other
          condition of the Issuer or on its ability to perform its
          obligations under the Related Documents to which it is, or is to
          be, a party, the Issuer is not in default under any Contractual
          Obligation or Requirement of Law applicable to it or any of its
          property; and no Event of Default or Default has occurred and is
          continuing nor will such a Default or Event of Default result
          from the entry by it into the Related Documents or the
          performance by it of any of its obligations under any or all
          thereof.

               Section 6.07  Perfection of Security Interest.  The
          Collateral Agent has a continuing first and prior security
          interest in, and general first lien on, the Collateral.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                                     ARTICLE VII

                               COVENANTS OF THE ISSUER

               Until all indebtedness hereunder shall have been paid in
          full and the Commitment has terminated, the Issuer agrees that:

                    Section 7.01  Information.  The Issuer will furnish to
          the Agent and each Bank:

                    (i)  as soon as available and in any event within 90
               days after the end of each fiscal year of the Issuer, a copy
               of the annual report for such year of the Issuer, containing
               financial statements for such year certified without
               qualification as to fairness of presentation, generally
               accepted accounting principles and consistency by the chief
               financial officer of the Master Servicer;

                    (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 60
               days of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Issuer, an
               unaudited balance sheet of the Issuer and the related
               statement of income (but not cash flows), certified as to
               fairness of presentation, generally accepted accounting
               principles and consistency by the chief financial officer of
               the Master Servicer;

                    (iii) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of
               financial statements under (i) above, a statement from the
               firm of independent public accountants which reported on
               such statements:  (x) stating that nothing has come to their
               attention to cause them to believe that an Amortization
               Event (or event or condition which, with the giving of
               notice or lapse of time or both, would become an
               Amortization Event) has occurred and is continuing and
               (y) showing the calculations necessary to demonstrate that
               Issuer Equity was at least equal to Minimum Issuer Equity on
               the date of such financial statements;

                    (iv) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of
               financial statements under (ii) above, a statement from the
               chief financial officer of the Master Servicer (x) stating
               that no Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing
               and (y) showing the calculations necessary to demonstrate
               that Issuer Equity was at least equal to or in excess of
               zero on the date of such financial statements;

                    (v) as soon as possible and in any event within 5 days
               after the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default, a
               statement of an Authorized Officer setting forth the details
               thereof and the actions which the Issuer has taken and
               proposes to take with respect thereto;

                    (vi) as soon as possible and in any event within 23
               days after the end of each calendar month, the Borrowing
               Base Certificate evidencing the calculation of the Borrowing
               Base for the preceding month, such other information as may
               be required under the Borrowing Plan, and such information 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               related thereto as may be reasonably requested by any Agent;
               and

                   (vii) such other information (including without
               limitation copies of all reports and documents received by
               the Issuer pursuant to any Related Document) respecting the
               condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the
               Issuer or respecting the Purchased Receivables and the
               Related Documents.

                    Section 7.02  Activities.  The Issuer will not engage
          directly or indirectly in any business or activity (whether or
          not pursued for gain or other pecuniary advantage) except as
          contemplated under the Related Documents.

                    Section 7.03  Additional Stock.  The Issuer will not
          issue any additional shares of capital stock of any class or
          issue warrants or grant any options on other similar rights with
          respect thereto.

                    Section 7.04  Maintenance of Existence.  Except as
          permitted by Section 7.11 hereof, the Issuer will preserve and
          maintain its corporate existence and all of its rights,
          privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal
          conduct of its business, and will conduct its business in a
          regular manner.

                    Section 7.05  Maintenance of Properties.  The Issuer
          will keep all of its properties necessary, in the judgment of the
          Board of Directors of the Issuer, in its business in good working
          order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and will
          permit representatives of the Bank to inspect such properties,
          and to examine and make extracts from the books and records of
          the Issuer during normal business hours.

                    Section 7.06  Compliance with Laws.  The Issuer will
          comply in all respects with the requirements of all applicable
          Requirements of Law, such compliance to include, without
          limitation, paying all taxes, assessments and governmental
          charges imposed upon the Issuer or its properties.

                    Section 7.07  Notice of Proceedings.  The Issuer will
          promptly give notice in writing to the Agent and each Bank of all
          litigation, arbitration proceedings and regulatory proceedings
          affecting the Issuer or the property of the Issuer.

                    Section 7.08  Use of Proceeds.  No part of the proceeds
          of any Loan hereunder will be used to purchase or carry any
          margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of
          purchasing or carrying any margin stock.  If requested by the
          Agent, the Issuer will furnish to the Agent in connection with
          any Loan hereunder a statement in conformity with the
          requirements of Federal Reserve Form U-1 referred to in
          Regulation U.  The Issuer shall not use any Loans to:

                    (a)  knowingly purchase Ineligible Securities from BA
          Securities, Inc. (the "Arranger") during any period in which the
          Arranger makes a market in such Ineligible Securities; or

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (b)  knowingly purchase during the underwriting or
          placement period Ineligible Securities being underwritten or
          privately placed by the Arranger; or

                    (c)  make payments of principal or interest on
          Ineligible Securities underwritten or privately placed by the
          Arranger and issued by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any
          Affiliate of the Issuer.

                    Section 7.09  Limitation on Debt.  The Issuer will not
          create, assume or suffer to exist any Debt other than
          Subordinated Debt.

                    Section 7.10  Negative Pledge.  The Issuer will not
          create, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any asset now owned
          or hereafter acquired by it, except for Liens created by the
          Related Documents, nor shall the Issuer grant any negative pledge
          covenant covering its assets to any Person other than the Banks,
          except such negative pledge covenants described under that
          certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 1, 1993, among
          First Healthcare Corporation, The Hillhaven Corporation, the
          Banks referred to therein, the LC Issuing Banks referred to
          therein, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Agent,
          Chemical Bank, as Administrative Agent, and J.P. Morgan Delaware,
          as Collateral Agent.

                    Section 7.11  Consolidations, Mergers, Acquisitions,
          and Sales of Assets.  The Issuer will not (i) consolidate or
          merge with or into or acquire any other Person or (ii) sell,
          lease or otherwise transfer (by investment, assignment,
          contribution or otherwise) all or any substantial portion or its
          assets to any other Person.

                    Section 7.12  Restricted Payments.  The Issuer will not
          declare or make any dividend payment or other distribution of
          assets, properties, cash, rights, obligations or securities on
          account of any shares of any class of its capital stock, or
          return any capital to its shareholders as such, or purchase,
          redeem or otherwise acquire for value any shares of any class of
          its capital stock or any warrants, rights or options to acquire
          any such shares, now or hereafter outstanding (collectively, a
          "Restricted Payment"), unless after payment of such Restricted
          Payment:  (i) Issuer Equity is equal to or in excess of zero;
          (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
          continuing; and (iii) declaration and payment of such Restricted
          Payment is permitted under (and complies with) all applicable
          Requirements of Law.

                    Section 7.13  Corporate Existence.

                    (a) The Issuer will keep in full effect its existence,
          rights and franchises as a corporation under the laws of the
          state of its incorporation and will obtain and preserve its
          qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such
          qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity
          and enforceability of the Related Documents and each other
          instrument or agreement necessary or appropriate to the proper
          administration thereof and the transactions contemplated thereby.
          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (b)  The Issuer shall observe the applicable legal
          requirements for the recognition of the Issuer as a legal entity
          separate and apart from Hillhaven, and its Affiliates, including,
          without limitation, as follows:

                         (i)  the Issuer shall maintain separate corporate
                    records, books of account and financial statements
                    (each of which shall be sufficiently full and complete
                    to permit a determination of the Issuer's assets and
                    liabilities and to permit a determination of the
                    obligee's and the time for performance on each of the
                    Issuer's obligations) from those of Hillhaven and its
                    Affiliates;

                         (ii) except as expressly permitted by the Sale and
                    Servicing Agreement for Collections of Purchased
                    Receivables prior to transfer thereof to the Collection
                    Account (which transfer is to occur within two Business
                    Days of receipt of such Collection by the applicable
                    Servicer), the Issuer shall not commingle any of its
                    assets or funds with those of Hillhaven or any of its
                    Affiliates;

                         (iii) the Issuer shall maintain records permitting
                    a determination on a daily basis of the amount and
                    location of any of its funds which are commingled as
                    permitted under clause (ii);

                         (iv) the Board of Directors of the Issuer shall be
                    elected independently from the Board of Directors of
                    Hillhaven and its Affiliates and shall at all times
                    include at least two Independent Directors;

                         (v)  the Board of Directors and stockholders of
                    the Issuer will hold all regular and special meetings
                    appropriate to authorize corporate actions.  Regular
                    meetings of directors will be held at least annually. 
                    The Board of Directors may act from time to time
                    through one or more committees of the Board in
                    accordance with the Issuer's bylaws.  Appropriate
                    minutes of all meetings of the Issuer's Board of
                    Directors (and committees thereof) and of the
                    stockholders meetings will be kept by the Issuer;

                         (vi) taking into account the services to be
                    performed on the Issuer's behalf by the Servicers and
                    the Master Servicer under the Sale and Servicing
                    Agreement, the Issuer will have sufficient officers and
                    employees to run its business and operations.  At least
                    one senior officer of the Issuer (who may also be a
                    member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer) will
                    not be a director, officer or employee of Hillhaven or
                    any of its Affiliates;

                         (vii) decisions with respect to the Issuer's
                    business and daily operations will be independently
                    made by the Issuer (although the officer making any
                    particular decision may also be an officer or director 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    of Hillhaven) and will not be dictated by Hillhaven or
                    any of its Affiliates.  Any permitted transactions
                    between the Issuer and Hillhaven or any of its
                    Affiliates (other than the purchase of Receivables
                    pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement) will
                    receive prior approval of a majority of the Board of
                    Directors including at least two Independent Directors
                    of the Issuer;

                         (viii) the Issuer will act solely in its own
                    corporate name and through its own authorized officers
                    and agents.  Neither Hillhaven nor any of its
                    Affiliates will be appointed agent of the Issuer,
                    except as expressly contemplated by the Sale and
                    Servicing Agreement;

                         (ix) the Issuer will prepare instruments of
                    assignment naming it as purchaser for all Purchased
                    Receivables sold to it.  In all cases, the data and
                    records (including computer records) used by the Issuer
                    or the Servicers in the collection and administration
                    of Purchased Receivables will reflect the Issuer's
                    ownership interest therein;

                         (x) although the Issuer's directors, officers and
                    employees (other than the Independent Directors) may
                    also be employees of Hillhaven or any of its 
                    Affiliates and may participate in their employee
                    benefit plans, such individuals will be required to
                    account for efforts devoted to the Issuer's business
                    and affairs and the Issuer will reimburse Hillhaven or
                    any of its Affiliates for their services;

                         (xi) the Issuer will be responsible for the
                    payment of all expenses, indebtedness and other
                    obligations incurred by it and will reimburse Hillhaven
                    or any of its Affiliates for its organizational
                    expenses;

                         (xii) except as evidenced by the Hillhaven Note
                    and the Purchase Money Note, neither Hillhaven nor any
                    of its Affiliates will advance funds to the Issuer and
                    other than capital contributions from Hillhaven, no
                    Affiliate of Hillhaven will otherwise supply funds to,
                    or guarantee debts of, the Issuer;

                         (xiii) the Issuer will maintain a separate office
                    which will be physically separate from space occupied
                    by Hillhaven or any of its  Affiliates (but may be
                    separate space occupied solely by the Issuer at the
                    offices of Hillhaven or any of its Affiliates) and will
                    be identified as the Issuer's office so it can be
                    identified by outsiders;

                         (xiv) the Issuer shall not guarantee, or otherwise
                    become liable with respect to, any obligation of
                    Hillhaven or any of its Affiliates;


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                         (xv) the Issuer shall at all times hold itself out
                    to the public under the Issuer's own name as a legal
                    entity separate and distinct from Hillhaven and its
                    Affiliates (the foregoing to include, but not be
                    limited to, use of materially separate and distinct
                    letterhead and telephone number(s)); and

                         (xvi) any financial reports required of the Issuer
                    (other than the reports required under Section 7.01(ii)
                    hereof) will comply with generally accepted accounting
                    principles and shall be issued separately from any
                    reports prepared for Hillhaven and any of its
                    Affiliates.

                    Section 7.14  Books and Records.  The Issuer shall keep
          proper books of record and account, in which full and correct
          entries shall be made of all its financial transactions and its
          assets and business in accordance with generally acceptable
          accounting principles, consistently applied, and, after
          reasonable advance notice shall permit the Agent and its
          representatives to inspect the same and make copies or extracts
          thereof.

                    Section 7.15  Reduction of Outstanding Debt.  To the
          extent practicable and not in violation of any express provisions
          of any Related Document, the Issuer will apply amounts on deposit
          in the Issuer Accounts to pay Daily Facility Costs and to repay
          or prepay Loans prior to borrowing funds hereunder.

                    Section 7.16  Issuer Equity.  The Issuer shall at all
          times maintain its Issuer Equity equal to or in excess of zero.

                    Section 7.17  Borrowing Plan.  The Issuer shall at all
          times comply with the terms of the Borrowing Plan.

                    Section 7.18  Post-Closing Legal Opinions.  The Issuer
          shall deliver to the Agent, within 60 days after Closing, the
          following legal opinions, each addressed to the Agent, the
          Collateral Agent, and the Banks and satisfactory to the Banks in
          form and substance:  

                         (i)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to First Healthcare, in substantially the form of
          Exhibit N hereto;

                        (ii)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to Northwest in substantially the form of Exhibit O 
          hereto;

                       (iii)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to Pasatiempo, in substantially the form of Exhibit P
          hereto; and

                        (iv)  the Opinion of Richard P. Adcock, Esq., as
          counsel to Issuer, in substantially the form of Exhibit Q hereto.




          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                     ARTICLE VIII

                                  EVENTS OF DEFAULT

                    Section 8.01  Events of Defaults.  Upon the occurrence
          of any of the following events (each an "Event of Default"), and
          so long as such Event of Default shall continue unremedied:

                    (a)  Payments.  Failure by the Issuer (x) to pay the
          principal of any Loan when and as due, or (y) to pay any interest
          on any Loan or any other amount due hereunder or under the Pledge
          Agreement within five Business Days after such amount becomes
          due; or

                    (b)  Representations.  Any representation, warranty or
          statement made or deemed made by the Issuer in this Agreement or
          in any other Related Document shall prove to have been incorrect
          in any material respect on any date when made or deemed made and
          which incorrectness continues for a period of 30 days after the
          earlier of (i) receipt by the Issuer of notice thereof from the
          Agent or any Bank or (ii) knowledge of such failure by the
          Issuer; or

                    (c)  Covenants.  Failure by the Issuer (x) to observe
          or perform any covenant or agreement contained in Sections 7.02,
          7.03, 7.04, 7.08, 7.09, 7.10, 7.11, 7.12, 7.13, and 7.16 hereof
          in any material respect, or (y) to observe or perform any other
          covenant or agreement contained herein or in any Related Document
          in any material respect and the continuance of such failure for
          30 days after the earlier of (i) receipt by the Issuer of notice
          thereof from the Agent or any Bank or (ii) knowledge of such
          failure by the Issuer; or

                    (d)  Voluntary Bankruptcy Proceedings of the Issuer. 
          The Issuer shall become insolvent or generally fail to pay, or
          admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become
          due, or shall voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any
          petition under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law or
          seeking dissolution or reorganization or the appointment of a
          receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator for itself or a
          substantial portion of its property, assets or business or to
          effect a plan or other arrangement with its creditors, or shall
          file any answer admitting the jurisdiction of the court and the
          material allegations of an involuntary petition filed against it
          in any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding, or shall be
          adjudicated bankrupt, or shall make a general assignment for the
          benefit of creditors, or shall consent to, or acquiesce in the
          appointment of, a receiver, trustee, custodian or liquidator for
          itself or a substantial portion of its property, assets or
          business or (ii) action shall be taken by the Issuer for the
          purpose of effectuating any of the foregoing; or

                    (e)  Involuntary Bankruptcy Proceedings Against the
          Issuer.  Involuntary proceedings or an involuntary petition shall
          be commenced or filed against the Issuer under any bankruptcy,
          insolvency or similar law or seeking dissolution or
          reorganization of the Issuer or the appointment of a receiver, 


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          trustee, custodian or liquidator for the Issuer or a substantial
          part of the property, assets or business of the Issuer, or any
          writ, order, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or
          similar process shall be issued or levied against a substantial
          part of the property, assets or business of the Issuer and such
          proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ,
          order, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar
          process shall not be stayed, released, vacated or fully bonded,
          within 60 days after commencement, filing or levy, as the case
          may be; or

                    (f)  Judgments.  Any judgment, writ, warrant of
          attachment or execution or similar process shall be issued or
          levied in respect of an obligation (alleged or otherwise) of the
          Issuer in excess of $10,000 (not covered by insurance) against
          any of the property of the Issuer and such judgment, writ or
          similar process shall not be released, vacated or stayed or fully
          bonded within 30 days after its issue of levy; or

                    (g)  Obligations.  Any default shall occur under any
          obligation of the Issuer with an outstanding principal of greater
          than $10,000 which shall immediately result in the acceleration
          of all amounts due and payable under such obligation; or

                    (h)  Related Documents.  Any default shall have
          occurred and is continuing under any of the Related Documents
          (including without limitation the occurrence of any Amortization
          Event under the Sale and Servicing Agreement or any event or
          condition which, with the giving of notice or lapse of time or
          both, would become an Amortization Event); or

                    (i)  Material Adverse Change.  Any material adverse
          change shall occur with respect to the business, operations,
          assets or financial or other condition of the Issuer, as
          determined in the reasonable discretion of each Bank as
          determined by the Required Banks; or

                    (j)  Change in Laws.  There shall be any introduction
          of, or any change in, any law, rule or regulation, or in the
          interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
          Authority, charged with the interpretation or administration
          thereof that may result in any applicable material adverse change
          to the procedures affecting Medicaid or Medicare reimbursements
          or the assignment of proceeds thereof, as determined in the
          reasonable discretion of each Bank as determined by the Required
          Banks; or

                    (k)  Ownership.  The present owners of the Issuer (or
          such owners, heirs, personal representatives or testamentary
          beneficiaries) shall cease to own or control 50% of the voting
          stock of the Issuer, or shall cease to control a majority of the
          board of directors of the Issuer.

               Upon the occurrence of any of the foregoing, and at any time
          during the unremedied continuance of any default, then the Agent
          (upon the direction of the Required Banks) may by sending to the
          Issuer and by delivering (in the manner specified for notices
          hereunder a written notice (a "Notice of Termination") signed by 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          an Authorized Agent Officer, (i) declare the principal of and
          accrued interest in respect of the Loans to be, whereupon the
          same shall become, forthwith due and payable, (ii) declare the
          Commitment to make Revolving Loans terminated, whereupon the
          Commitment to make Revolving Loans shall terminate and any
          accrued fees or premiums with respect thereto shall forthwith
          become due and payable without any further notice of any kind, or
          (iii) direct the Collateral Agent to pursue remedies under the
          Pledge Agreement.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
          described in clauses (d) or (e) above, the Commitment to make
          Revolving Loans shall automatically terminate and the principal
          of and accrued interest on all Loans shall automatically become
          immediately due and payable without necessity of declaration or
          other action by the Agent.

                    Section 8.02  Collection of Medicaid Payments by
          Servicers.  Notwithstanding any provision of Article VIII of this
          Agreement or of the Related Documents to the contrary, all
          Medicaid payments which are made by an Obligor with respect to
          any Purchased Receivable shall be collected from such Obligor
          only by the Servicer which furnished the services for which such
          payments are made, except to the extent that an Obligor may be
          required to submit any such payments directly to a Person other
          than the Servicer pursuant to a court-ordered assignment which is
          valid, binding and enforceable under applicable federal and state
          Medicaid laws, rules and regulations; and neither this Agreement
          nor the Related Documents shall effect, nor be construed to
          effect, any assignment of Medicaid payments in contravention of
          applicable federal and state Medicaid laws, rules and
          regulations, nor shall this Agreement or the Related Documents be 
          construed to permit any other Person to collect or receive, or to
          be entitled to collect or receive, any such payments prior to the
          Servicer's receipt thereof if such collection or receipt would
          violate applicable federal and state Medicaid laws, rules and
          regulations.

                                      ARTICLE IX

                                    MISCELLANEOUS

                    Section 9.01  Computations.  All computations of
          interest and fees hereunder and under the Loan Notes shall be
          made on the basis of a 365-day year, except for interest at the
          LIBOR Rate which shall be computed on the basis of the actual
          number of days elapsed over a year comprised of 360 days.

                    Section 9.02  Exercise of Rights; Remedies Cumulative. 
          No failure or delay on the part of the Issuer, the Agent or any
          Bank to exercise any right, power or privilege under this
          Agreement and no course of dealing between the Issuer, the Agent
          and any Bank shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any
          single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under
          this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or
          the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.  The rights
          and remedies herein expressly provided are cumulative and not
          exclusive of any rights or remedies which the parties hereto
          would otherwise have pursuant to law or equity.  No notice to or
          demand on any party in any case shall entitle such party to any 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          other or further notice or demand in similar or other
          circumstances, or constitute a waiver of the right of the other
          party to any other or further action in any circumstances without
          notice or demand.

                    Section 9.03  Amendment and Waiver.  No provision of
          the Related Documents may be amended, waived, modified,
          supplemented, restated, discharged or terminated, without the
          consent of the Required Banks or all of the Banks, as applicable
          under Section 9.10.

                    Section 9.04  Successors and Assigns.

                    (a)  This Agreement shall bind, and the benefits hereof
          shall inure to, the Issuer, the Agent and the Banks and their
          respective successors and assigns; provided that the Issuer may
          not transfer or assign any or all of its rights and obligations
          hereunder without the prior written consent of all Banks.

                    (b)  Each Bank may, subject to compliance with the
          further provisions of this subsection, at any time sell, assign
          or transfer (an "Assignment") all or any portions of its Loans or
          Loan Notes or Percentage of its Commitment in minimum amounts of
          $5,000,000 or of its right, title and interest thereon or thereto
          or in or to this Agreement to any other Person; provided, that
          such Bank, together with its Affiliates, shall continue at all
          times to hold beneficial interests in Notes having an aggregate
          principal amount of not less than an amount equal to (x) 20% (or
          such lesser percentage as may be approved by the Issuer and the
          Agents) multiplied by (y) such Bank's Percentage of the
          Commitment multiplied by (z) the principal amount of all Notes
          outstanding at the time of determination.  The Agent shall
          maintain a copy of each Assignment delivered to it and a register
          (the "Register") for the recordation of the names and addresses
          of the Banks and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the
          Loans owing to, each Bank from time to time.  The entries in the
          Register shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and
          amounts of the obligations of the Issuer therein recorded, and
          the Issuer, the Agent and the Banks may treat each Person whose
          name is recorded in the Register as the owner of the Loan
          recorded therein for all purposes of this Agreement.  The
          Register shall be available for inspection and copying by the
          Issuer or any Bank at any reasonable time and from time to time
          upon reasonable prior notice.  If such Assignment is to one or
          more financial institutions which assume the obligations of such
          Bank hereunder (a "Novation") (x) the assigning Bank shall be
          released from, and the assuming institution shall assume and
          become obligated in respect of, the assuming Bank's Percentage of
          the Commitment and its other obligations hereunder to the extent
          of such Novation and (y) the assuming institution shall be a
          party hereto (and shall constitute a Bank hereunder).  The
          assuming institution in any Novation shall contemporaneously
          therewith deliver to the Agent the information to be included in
          Schedule I with respect to such institution.  Following any
          Novation, the Issuer will execute and deliver new Loan Notes to
          the assigning Bank and the assuming institution in amounts equal
          to their respective Percentages (giving effect to the Novation)
          of the Commitment, and the Agent will send to the Issuer and each

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Bank an appropriately revised Schedule I.  No Bank may effect any
          Assignment (whether or not constituting a Novation) without the
          prior written consent of the Issuer and the Agent (which consents
          may not be unreasonably withheld).  In addition, no Bank may
          effect a Novation unless:  (i) prior to the effective date of
          such Novation, the assuming institution executes and delivers to
          the Issuer and the Agent a written agreement satisfactory to the
          Issuer and the Agent to the effect that such Person agrees to be
          bound by the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) such Novation
          will not require the Issuer to register itself or any of its
          Securities under any Applicable Securities Law.

                    (c)  Each Bank may, without the consent of the Issuer
          or the Agent, grant participations in all or any part of the Loan
          Notes only in minimum amounts of $5,000,000 to one or more
          commercial banks, insurance companies or other financial
          institutions, pension funds or mutual funds; provided, that: 
          (i) any such disposition shall not require the Issuer to register
          itself or any of its Securities under any Applicable Securities
          Laws; (ii) such Bank, together with its Affiliates, shall
          continue at all times to hold beneficial interests in Notes
          having an aggregate principal amount of not less than an amount
          equal to (x) 20% (or such lesser percentage as may be approved by
          the Issuer and the Agents) multiplied by (y) such Bank's
          Percentage of the Commitment multiplied by (z) the principal
          amount of all Notes outstanding at the time of determination;
          provided, that, in no event shall either the Agent's or the
          Collateral Agent's Percentage of the Commitment be less than 10%;
          (iii) the consent of the holder of any such participation, other
          than an Affiliate of such Bank, shall not be required with
          respect to whether such Bank shall take or omit to take any
          action hereunder, except action directly affecting the extension
          of the maturity of any portion of the principal amount of or
          interest on a Loan Note allocated to such participation or a
          reduction of the principal amount of or the rate of interest or
          fees payable on or with respect to the Loan Notes or an increase
          in the Commitment (but only if the amount of the Commitment
          allocated to such participant is increased); (iv) the holder of
          such participation shall not acquire any rights hereunder or
          under any Related Document; (v) such Bank's obligations under
          this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall
          remain unchanged; (vi) such Bank shall remain solely responsible
          for the performance thereof; (vii) such Bank shall remain the
          holder of any obligation owing to it hereunder for all purposes
          of this Agreement; and (viii) the Issuer and the Agents shall
          continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection
          with such Bank's rights and obligations under this Agreement.

                    (d)  Each Bank may furnish any information concerning
          the Issuer delivered by the Issuer to such Bank from time to time
          to assignees and participants (including prospective assignees
          and participants).

                    (e)  Nothing herein shall prohibit any Bank from
          pledging or assigning all or any portion of its Loans to any
          Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with applicable law.



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    Section 9.05  Adjustments.  If any Bank (a "Benefitted
          Bank") shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of
          its Loans, or interest thereon, or receive any collateral in
          respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by setoff,
          or otherwise), such that it has received aggregate payments or
          collateral on account of its Loans in a greater proportion than
          any such payment to or collateral received by any other Bank, if
          any, in respect of such other Bank's Loans which are then due and
          payable, or interest thereon, such Benefitted Bank shall purchase
          for cash from the other Banks a participating interest in such
          portion of each such other Bank's Loans, or shall provide such
          other Banks with the benefits of any such collateral, or the
          proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted
          Bank to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral
          or proceeds ratably with each of the Banks; provided, however,
          that if all or any portion of such excess payment or benefits is
          thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Bank, such purchase
          shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned,
          to the extent of such recovery, but without interest, and
          provided, further, that nothing in this Section 9.05 shall impair
          the right of any Bank to execute any right of set-off or
          counterclaim it may have and to apply the amount subject to such
          exercise to the payment of the indebtedness of the Issuer, other
          than indebtedness under the Notes.  The Issuer agrees, to the
          fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable law,
          that any holder of a participation in a Note, whether or not
          acquired pursuant to the foregoing arrangements, may exercise
          rights of set-off or counterclaim and other rights with respect
          to such participation as fully as if such holder of a
          participation was a direct creditor of the Issuer, in the amount
          of the participation.

                    Section 9.06  Notices; Requests; Demands.  Except where
          telephonic instructions or notices are authorized herein to be
          given, all notices, demands, instructions and other
          communications required or permitted to be given to or made upon
          any party hereto shall be in writing and shall be personally
          delivered or sent by registered, certified or express mail,
          postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or by confirmed
          telecopy or prepaid telegram (with messenger delivery specified
          in the case of a telegram) and shall be deemed to be given for
          purposes of this Agreement on the day that such writing is
          delivered or sent to the intended recipient thereof in accordance
          with the provisions of this Section 9.05.  Unless otherwise
          specified in a notice sent or delivered in accordance with the
          foregoing provisions of this Section, notices, demands,
          instructions and other communications in writing shall be given
          to or made upon the respective parties hereto at their respective
          addresses (or to their respective telecopier numbers) indicated
          below, and, in the case of telephonic instructions or notices, by
          calling the telephone number or numbers indicated for such party
          below:







          <PAGE>
<PAGE>




                    If to the Issuer:

                         Hillhaven Funding Corporation
                         1148 Broadway Plaza
                         Tacoma, Washington 98401-2264

                         Attention:     Vice President and Treasurer
                         Telephone:     (206) 756-4807
                         Telecopy:      (206) 756-4890

                    with a copy to:

                         The Hillhaven Corporation
                         1148 Broadway Plaza
                         Tacoma, Washington 98401-2264

                         Attention:     General Counsel
                         Telephone:     (206) 756-4797
                         Telecopy:      (206) 756-4845

                    If to the Agent:

                         Notice Office:

                         Bank of America National Trust
                           and Savings Association
                         555 South Flower Street
                         11th Floor, #5618
                         Los Angeles, CA  90071
                         Attention:     Brad DeSpain
                         Telex:         BANKAMER SFO 34346
                         Telephone:     (213) 228-3262
                         Telecopy:      (213) 228-2756

                         Payment Office:

                         Bank of America National Trust
                           and Savings Association
                         333 South Beaudry Avenue
                         Los Angeles, CA  90017
                         Attention:     Betsy Quinio
                         Telex:         BANKAMER SFO 34346
                         Telephone:     (213) 345-6531
                         Telecopy:      (213) 345-6550
                         Routing/ABA #: 1210-00358
                         Incoming Wire Acct. #:  12331-83980

                    If to a Bank:

                      at its address set forth in Schedule I hereto or,
          as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by
          such party in a written notice to each other party. 

                    Section 9.07  Survival of Representations and
          Warranties.  All representations and warranties contained in
          Article VI shall survive the execution and delivery of this
          Agreement and shall continue only so long as until such time as 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          all indebtedness hereunder and under the Loan Notes shall have
          been paid in full or the Banks have any commitment hereunder.

                    Section 9.08  Governing Law.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
          GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE
          STATE OF WASHINGTON WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF
          CONFLICT OF LAWS.  THE ISSUER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE
          NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY WASHINGTON STATE OR FEDERAL
          COURT SITTING IN THE CITY OF SEATTLE OVER ANY SUIT, ACTING OR
          PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
          LOAN NOTES AND HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO THE
          VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AS WELL AS ANY
          OBJECTION WITH RESPECT THERETO OF INCONVENIENT FORUM.

                    Section 9.09  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be
          executed in any number of copies, and by the different parties
          hereto on the same or separate counterparts, each of which shall
          be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the
          same instrument.

                    Section 9.10  Further Assurances.  The Issuer agrees to
          do such further acts and things and to execute and deliver to the
          Agent such additional assignments, agreements, powers and
          instruments as the Agent may reasonably require or deem advisable
          to carry into effect the purposes of this Agreement or to better
          assure and confirm unto the Agent and the Banks their rights,
          powers and remedies hereunder.

                    Section 9.11  Appointment of the Agents.

                    (a)  The Agent.  Each Bank hereby irrevocably appoints
          the Agent as its agent hereunder, and, to the extent applicable,
          under each other Related Document and hereby authorizes the Agent
          to take such action on its behalf and to exercise such rights,
          remedies, powers and privileges hereunder or thereunder as are
          specifically authorized to be exercised by the Agent by the terms
          hereof or thereof, together with such rights, remedies, powers
          and privileges as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Agent
          may execute any of its duties hereunder and thereunder by or
          through agents or employees and, without limiting the foregoing,
          the Agent shall appoint and direct the Collateral Agent in
          accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Pledge Agreement
          and the Related Documents.  The relationship between the Agent
          and each Bank is that of agent and principal only, and nothing
          herein shall be deemed to constitute the Agent a trustee for any
          Bank or impose on the Agent any obligations other than those for
          which express provision is made herein or therein.

               Except as required by the specific terms of this Agreement
          or the other Related Documents, the Agent shall not have any duty
          to exercise any right, power, remedy or privilege granted to it
          hereby or thereby, or to take any affirmative action or exercise
          any discretion hereunder or thereunder, unless directed to do so
          by the Required Banks (or to the extent that this Agreement
          expressly requires, all of the Banks), and shall be fully
          protected in acting or refraining from acting pursuant to such
          directions which shall be binding upon the Banks, and no implied
          covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist
          against the Agent.  The Agent shall not, without the prior
          approval of all of the Banks, increase the amount of the
          Commitment, reduce the principal amount of or interest on or fees
          payable with respect to a Loan Note or the rate of interest on a
          Loan Note, extend any date for payment of obligations hereunder
          or under any Related Document, extend the Expiration Date, amend
          or waive any Default or Event of Default hereunder or under any
          Related Document, or amend this Section 9.11.  The Agent shall
          not, without the prior approval of the Required Banks, consent to
          any material departure by the Issuer from the terms hereof or of
          the Related Documents or amend, modify, supplement or terminate,
          or agree to any surrender of, any such agreement or instrument;
          provided, that the foregoing limitation on the authority of the
          Agent is for the benefit of the Banks and shall not impose any
          obligations on the Issuer to investigate or inquire into the
          authority of the Agent in any circumstances, and the Issuer shall
          be fully protected in carrying out any request, direction or
          instruction made or given to the Issuer by the Agent in the
          exercise of any right, power, remedy or privilege granted to the
          Agent hereby or by the terms of the other Related Documents,
          receiving or acting upon any consent or waiver granted to the
          Issuer hereunder or thereunder by the Agent, or entering into any
          amendment or modification of, or supplement to, this Agreement,
          or the other Related Documents, and the Issuer shall not be
          subject to the claims of any Bank by reason of the lack of
          authority of the Agent to take any such action nor shall the lack
          of authority on the part of the Agent in any circumstance give
          rise to any claim on the part of the Issuer against any Bank; and
          provided, however, that the Agent shall not be required to take
          any action which exposes the Agent to personal liability or which
          is contrary to this Agreement, or the other Related Documents or
          any applicable Requirement of Law.  The Agent shall be fully
          justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this
          Agreement unless it shall first receive such advice or
          concurrence of the Required Banks (or all of the Banks, as
          applicable) or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction
          by the Banks against any and all liability and expense which may
          be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any
          such action.

                    (b)  Appointment of the Collateral Agent.  The Agent
          and the Issuer hereby irrevocably appoint Seafirst as the
          Collateral Agent hereunder and under the Pledge Agreement, and
          hereby authorize the Collateral Agent to take such action on the
          Agent's behalf and to exercise such rights, remedies, powers and
          privileges hereunder or thereunder as are specifically authorized
          to be exercised by the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof or
          thereof, together with such rights, remedies, powers and
          privileges as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The Collateral
          Agent may execute any of its duties hereunder and thereunder by
          or through agents or employees.  The relationship between the
          Agent and the Collateral Agent is that of principal and agent
          only, and nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute the
          Collateral Agent a trustee for any Person or impose on the
          Collateral Agent any obligations other than those for which
          express provision is made herein or therein.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



               Except as required by the specific terms of this Agreement
          or the Pledge Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall not have any
          duty to exercise any right, power, remedy or privilege granted to
          it hereby or thereby, or to take any affirmative action or
          exercise any discretion hereunder or thereunder, unless directed
          to do so by the Agent in accordance with Section 11 of the Pledge
          Agreement (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining
          from acting pursuant to such directions which shall be binding
          upon the Agent), and no implied covenants, functions,
          responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be
          read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against the
          Collateral Agent.  The Collateral Agent shall not be required to
          take any action which exposes the Collateral Agent to personal
          liability or which is contrary to this Agreement, or the other
          Related Documents or any applicable Requirement of Law.  The
          Collateral Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing
          to take any action under this Agreement unless it shall first
          receive such advice or concurrence of the Agent or it shall first
          be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Agent or the Banks
          against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred
          by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. 
          The Agent, the Banks and the Issuer hereby acknowledge and agree
          to the additional provisions respecting the Collateral Agent set
          forth in the Pledge Agreement.

                    (c)  Reliance.  Neither the Agents nor any Bank, or any
          of its or their respective directors, officers, agents or
          employees, shall be liable to any Agent, any other Bank, or the
          Issuer, as the case may be, for any action taken or omitted to be
          taken by it or them hereunder, under the other Related Documents,
          or in connection herewith or therewith, except for its or their
          own gross negligence, wilful misconduct or bad faith; nor shall
          the Agents or any Bank be responsible to any Agent or any other
          Bank, as the case may be, for the validity, effectiveness, value,
          sufficiency or enforceability against the Issuer, or other
          parties thereto, of the Purchased Receivables, this Agreement,
          the Loan Notes, the Related Documents or any other document
          furnished pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or
          therewith.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
          Agents:  (i) may each consult with legal counsel (including
          counsel for the Issuer), independent public accountants and other
          experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action
          taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance
          with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts;
          (ii) make no warranty or representation to any Bank and shall not
          be responsible to any Bank for any statements, warranties or
          representations made in or in connection with this Agreement, any
          other document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto or in
          connection herewith or therewith; (iii) shall not have any duty
          to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of
          any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement, the
          Loan Notes, or any Related Document on the part of any party
          hereto or thereto or to inspect the property (including the books
          and records) of the Issuer; (iv) shall not be responsible to any
          Bank for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
          genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, the Loan
          Notes, any Related Document or any other instrument or document
          furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (v) shall incur no 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          liability under or in respect of this Agreement, any Related
          Document, or the Loan Notes by acting upon any notice, consent,
          certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by
          telegram, telecopy or telex) or telephonic instruction (promptly
          confirmed in writing), or notices to the extent authorized herein
          or therein believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent by the
          proper party or parties.

                    (d)  Defaults.  Neither the Agent nor the Collateral
          Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the
          occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder unless
          such Agent has received written notice from a Bank or the Issuer
          referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of
          Default and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default." 
          In the event that the Agent receives such a notice, the Agent
          shall promptly notify the Issuer (unless the Issuer shall have
          delivered such notice to the Agent) and then give notice thereof
          to the Banks (provided that the failure to notify the Issuer
          shall not impair any of the rights of the Agent and the Banks
          with respect to the events and circumstances specified in such
          notice).  In the event that the Collateral Agent receives a
          notice, the Collateral Agent shall promptly notify the Agent. 
          The Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or
          Event of Default and shall be reasonably directed by the Required
          Banks; provided that unless and until the Agent shall have
          received such directions, the Agent and the Collateral Agent may
          (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from
          taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of
          Default as such Agent shall deem advisable in the best interests
          of the Banks.

                    (e)  Indemnification.  Each Bank hereby agrees, in the
          ratio that such Bank's Percentage of the Commitment hereunder
          bears to the Commitment, to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent
          and the Collateral Agent, from and against any and all losses,
          liabilities (including liabilities or penalties), actions, suits,
          judgments, demands, damages, costs and expenses of any kind
          whatsoever (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of
          attorneys, accountants and experts) incurred or suffered by the
          Agent in its capacity as Agent or the Collateral Agent in its
          capacity as Collateral Agent as a result of any action taken or
          omitted to be taken by the Agent or the Collateral Agent in such
          capacity or otherwise incurred or suffered by, made upon, or
          assessed against the Agent or the Collateral Agent in such
          capacity; provided, that, no Bank shall be liable for any portion
          of any such losses, liabilities (including liabilities for
          penalties), actions, suits, judgments, demands, damages, costs or
          expenses resulting from or attributable to the gross negligence,
          wilful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Agent or the
          Collateral Agent, as the case may be, or their respective
          officers, employees or agents.  Without limiting the generality
          of the foregoing, each Bank hereby agrees, in the ratio
          aforesaid, to reimburse the Agent and the Collateral Agent
          promptly following its demand for any out-of-pocket expenses
          (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and expenses)
          incurred on the Pledge Agreement by the Agent or the Collateral
          Agent hereunder and not promptly reimbursed to the Agent by the
          Issuer.  Each Bank's obligations under this subsection shall 

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          survive the termination of this Agreement and the discharge of
          the Issuer's obligations hereunder.

                    (f)  Rights as Banks.  Each Bank agrees that with
          respect to its obligation to lend under this Agreement, the Loans
          made by it and the Loan Notes issued to such Bank, the Agent and
          the Collateral Agent shall each have the same rights and powers
          hereunder as any other Bank or holder of a Loan Note and may
          exercise the same as though it were not performing the duties of
          Agent or Collateral Agent specified herein; and the terms
          "Banks," "Required Banks," "holders of Loan Notes," or any
          similar terms shall, unless the context clearly otherwise
          indicates, include the Agent and the Collateral Agent, and the
          Agent and the Collateral Agent may accept deposits from, lend
          money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or
          other business with the Issuer, Hillhaven, the Seller,
          Pasatiempo, Northwest or any of their Affiliates as if it were
          not performing the duties specified herein, and may accept fees
          and other considerations from the Issuer or any of their
          Affiliates for services in connection with this Agreement and
          otherwise without having to account for the same to any Bank.

                    (g)  No Representations.  Each Bank expressly
          acknowledges that neither the Agent nor the Collateral Agent nor
          any of its or their officers, directors, employees, agents,
          attorneys in fact, or affiliates has made any representations or
          warranties to it and that no act by the Agent or the Collateral
          Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of
          the Issuer, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or
          warranty by the Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Bank.  Each
          Bank represents to the Agent and the Collateral Agent that it
          has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the
          Collateral Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents
          and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own
          appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations,
          property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of
          the Issuer, and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder
          and enter into this Agreement.  Each Bank also represents that it
          will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the
          Collateral Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents
          and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,
          continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and
          decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement,
          and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform
          itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and
          other condition and creditworthiness of the Issuer.  Except for
          notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be
          furnished to the Banks by the Agent hereunder, the Agent and the
          Collateral Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to
          provide any Bank with any credit or other information concerning
          the business, operations, property, condition (financial or
          otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of the Issuer which may
          come into the possession of the Agent, the Collateral Agent or
          any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in
          fact, or affiliates.  The Agent and the Collateral Agent shall in
          no event be liable to any Bank on account of any materials
          prepared or provided by it.


          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                    (h)  Resignation of the Agent.  The Agent may resign as
          Agent upon thirty (30) days' notice to the Banks and the Issuer
          and following the appointment of a successor agent in accordance
          with the provisions of this Section 9.11.  If the Agent shall
          resign as Agent under this Agreement, then the Required Banks
          shall appoint from among the Banks willing to serve as Agent a
          successor agent for the Banks, which successor agent shall be
          approved by the Issuer (which approval shall not be unreasonably
          withheld), whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the
          rights, powers and duties of the Agent, and the term "Agent"
          shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment
          and approval, and the former Agent's rights, powers and duties as
          Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or
          deed on the part of such former Agent or any of the parties to
          this Agreement, or any holders of the obligations owing
          hereunder.  After any retiring Agent's resignation as Agent, the
          provisions of this Section 9.11 shall inure to its benefit as to
          any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent
          under this Agreement.

                    Section 9.12  Descriptive Headings.  The descriptive
          headings of the various provisions of this Agreement are inserted
          for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to
          affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions
          hereof.

                    Section 9.13  Notice.  ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL
          COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, TO EXTEND CREDIT, OR TO FORBEAR FROM
          ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE UNDER
          WASHINGTON LAW.

                    Section 9.14  Arbitration.  At the request of the
          Agent, acting on behalf of the Required Banks, or the Issuer, any
          controversy or claim between the Banks and the Issuer, arising
          from or relating to this Agreement or any Related Document
          executed in connection with this Agreement or any Related
          Document or arising from any alleged tort shall be settled by
          arbitration in King County, Washington.  The United States
          Arbitration Act will apply to the arbitration proceedings which
          will be administered by the American Arbitration Association
          under its commercial rules of arbitration, except that unless the
          amount of the claim(s) being arbitrated exceeds $5,000,000 there
          shall be only one arbitrator.  Any controversy over whether an
          issue is arbitrable shall be determined by the arbitrator(s). 
          Judgement upon the arbitration award may be entered in any court
          having jurisdiction.  The institution and maintenance of any
          action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or
          ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of
          either party, including plaintiff, to submit the controversy or
          claim to arbitration if such action for judicial relief is
          contested.

                    For purposes of the application of the statute of
          limitations the filing of an arbitration as provided herein is
          the equivalent of filing a lawsuit and the arbitrator(s) will
          have the authority to decide whether any claim or controversy is
          barred by the statute of limitations, and if so, to dismiss the
          arbitration on that basis.  The parties consent to the joinder in

          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          the arbitration proceedings of any party having an interest
          related to the claim or controversy being arbitrated.

                    No provision of this Section shall limit the right of
          the Issuer or the Banks to exercise self-help remedies such as
          setoff, foreclosure or sale of any collateral, or obtaining any
          ancillary provisional or interim remedies from a court of
          competent jurisdiction before, after or during the pendency of
          any arbitration proceeding.  The exercise of any such remedy does
          not waive the right of either party to request arbitration.

                    Section 9.15  Replacement of Original Liquidity
          Agreement.  The Original Liquidity Agreement shall be deemed
          amended and restated in full and superseded by this Agreement.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused
          this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date
          first above written.


                                   HILLHAVEN FUNDING CORPORATION


                                   By:  /s/ Robert K. Schneider
                                   Title: Vice President & Treasurer


                                   BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
                                   SAVINGS ASSOCIATION


                                   By:  /s/ Brad DeSpain
                                   Title: Vice President


                                   SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK


                                   By:  /s/ Thomas P. Rook
                                   Title: Vice President

                                   BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST AND
                                   SAVINGS ASSOCIATION, as Agent


                                   By:  /s/ Brad DeSpain
                                   Title: Vice President

                                   SEATTLE-FIRST NATIONAL BANK, as
                                   Collateral Agent


                                   By:  /s/ Thomas P. Rook
                                   Title: Vice President





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



                                      SCHEDULE 1



               Bank                                    Bank's Percentage

          Bank of America National Trust and              50%
          Savings Association
          555 S. Flower Street
          Los Angeles, California  90071

          Attention:  Brad DeSpain
               Telephone:  (213) 228-3262
               Telecopy:   (213) 228-2756

          Seattle-First National Bank                     50%
          701 Fifth Avenue, INNATE 12
          Seattle, Washington  98104

          Attention:  Thomas Rook
               Telephone:     (206) 358-8004
               Telecopy:      (206) 358-3113





































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11.01
<SEQUENCE>20
<TEXT>






     <TABLE>
                                                                   Exhibit 11.01
                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                   Statement Re:  Computation of Per Share Earnings
                       (in thousands, except per share amounts)
     <CAPTION>
                                                   Year Ended May 31,   
                                               1994      1993      1992
     <S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>
     FOR PRIMARY EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Shares outstanding at beginning 
       of period (1) <F1>                     20,979     20,883     20,787 
     Shares issued upon exercise of 
       stock options                              49         27         24 
     Restricted share awards, net                 (4)        29        --- 
     Shares issued upon conversion 
       of debentures                              29        ---        --- 
     Dilutive effect of outstanding
       stock options and contingent
       shares                                    209        191        --- 
     Dilutive effect of warrants 
       held by NME                             3,428      2,002        --- 
     Weighted average number of shares
       and share equivalents 
       outstanding (2) <F2>                   24,690     23,132     20,811 

     Income (loss) before extraordinary
       charge and cumulative effect
       of accounting change                 $ 58,525   $ 40,747   $(78,792)

     Adjustments related to proceeds
       from exercise of options and
       warrants under the "modified
       treasury stock" method                    ---        591        --- 

     Preferred stock dividends                (7,654)    (2,888)    (1,444)

     Adjusted income (loss)                   50,871     38,450    (80,236)

     Extraordinary charge, net of 
       income taxes                           (1,062)      (565)       --- 
     Cumulative effect of change in
       accounting for income taxes               ---     (1,103)       --- 

     Net income (loss) as adjusted          $ 49,809   $ 36,782   $(80,236)

     Primary earnings per share:
       Income (loss) before extraordinary
         charge and cumulative effect
         of accounting change               $   2.06   $   1.66   $  (3.86)
       Extraordinary charge                     (.04)      (.02)       --- 
       Cumulative effect of change in
         accounting for income taxes             ---       (.05)       --- 

       Income (loss) per share              $   2.02   $   1.59   $  (3.86)

     </TABLE>
                               (Continued on next page)
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



     <TABLE>
                              THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION

                   Statement Re:  Computation of Per Share Earnings
                       (in thousands, except per share amounts)

     <CAPTION>
                                                   Year Ended May 31,   
                                               1994      1993      1992
     <S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>
     FOR FULLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Weighted average number of shares
       used in primary calculation            24,690     23,132     20,811 
     Additional dilutive effect of 
       stock options and warrants
       (3) <F3> (4) <F4>                         116         38      2,112 
     Assumed conversion of convertible
       debentures                              8,258      6,470         32 
     Fully diluted weighted average
       number of shares (2) <F2>              33,064     29,640     22,955 
      
     Income (loss) before extraordinary
       charge and cumulative effect
       of accounting change, adjusted
       per primary calculation              $ 50,871   $ 38,450   $(80,236)

     Adjustments for interest expense
       and related income taxes                6,816      7,056      1,132 

     Adjusted income (loss) used in 
       fully diluted calculation              57,687     45,506    (79,104)
     Extraordinary charge, net of 
       income taxes                           (1,062)      (565)       --- 
     Cumulative effect of change in 
       accounting for income taxes               ---     (1,103)       --- 
     Adjusted income used in fully 
       diluted calculation                  $ 56,625   $ 43,838   $(79,104)

     Fully diluted earnings per share:
       Income (loss) before extraordinary
         charge and cumulative effect of 
         accounting change                  $   1.74   $   1.54   $  (3.45)
       Extraordinary charge                     (.03)      (.02)       --- 
       Cumulative effect of change in
         accounting for income taxes             ---       (.04)       --- 

     Income (loss) per share (5) <F5>       $   1.71   $   1.48   $  (3.45)










     </TABLE>
     <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          [FN]

          (1)<F1> Share amounts have been adjusted for the effect of a
                  one-for-five reverse stock split effective November 1,
                  1993.

          (2)<F2> All shares in these tables are weighted on the basis of
                  the number of days the shares were outstanding or
                  assumed to be outstanding during each period.

          (3)<F3> This calculation is submitted for 1992 in accordance
                  with Regulation S-K item 601(b)(11) although not
                  required by footnote 2 to paragraph 14 of APB Opinion
                  No. 15 because it results in dilution of less than 3%.

          (4)<F4> This calculation is submitted for 1992 in accordance
                  with Regulation S-K item 601(b)(11) although it is
                  contrary to paragraph 40 of APB Opinion No. 15 because
                  it produces an anti-dilutive result.

          (5)<F5> This calculation is submitted for 1992 and 1993 in
                  accordance with Regulation S-K item 601(b)(11) although
                  it is contrary to paragraph 37 of APB Opinion No. 15.




































          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.01
<SEQUENCE>21
<TEXT>






                                                       Exhibit 21.01

                              REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES



          The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation

               First Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation

                    Hillhaven   of  Central   Florida,  Inc.,   a  Delaware
                    corporation

                    Northwest Health Care, Inc., an Idaho corporation

                    Pasatiempo Development Corp., a California corporation

                    Professional Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Massachusetts
                    corporation

                    Hillhaven Home Care, Inc., a Delaware corporation

                    CIC Risk Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation

                    Hillhaven Properties, Ltd., an Oregon corporation

                    Hillhaven Health Services Malaysia, Inc.

                         Brim-Olive Grove, Inc., an Oregon corporation

                         Fairview   Living   Centers,   Inc.,   an   Oregon
                         corporation

                         Twenty-Nine   Hundred   Corporation,   a   Florida
                         corporation

                    Ledgewood  Health  Care  Corporation,  a  Massachusetts
                    corporation*

               Cornerstone Insurance Company, a Cayman Islands corporation

               Brim of Massachusetts, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation

               Hillhaven Funding Corporation, a Nevada corporation

               Medisave Pharmacies, Inc., a Delaware corporation

                    Medi-Save of Florida, Inc., a Delaware corporation

                    Ricketts Drug, Incorporated, a Virginia corporation

                    American X-Rays, Inc., a Louisiana corporation*

               Hillhaven PIP Funding I, Inc., a Delaware corporation





          <PAGE>
<PAGE>



          Hillhaven  Community  Health   Partnership,  a  Florida   general
          partnership*

          Windsor  Woods Nursing  Home  Partnership,  a Washington  general
          partnership

          St. George  Nursing Home  Limited Partnership, an  Oregon limited
          partnership

          Bartlesville   Nursing  Home   Partnership,  an   Oregon  general
          partnership*

          Carrollwood Care Center, a Tennessee general partnership

          Foothill  Nursing  Company  Partnership,  a   California  general
          partnership*

          San  Marcos  Nursing  Home   Partnership,  a  California  general
          partnership*

          Fox   Hill   Village   Partnership,   a   Massachusetts   general
          partnership*

          Starr Farm Partnership, a Vermont general partnership*

          New Pond Village Associates, a Massachusetts general partnership

          Tucson Retirement Center  Limited Partnership, an  Oregon limited
          partnership

          Castle  Garden Retirement Center  Limited Partnership,  an Oregon
          limited partnership

          Lantana Partners, Ltd., a Florida limited partnership

          Woodhaven Partners, Ltd., a Florida limited partnership*

          Hillcrest Retirement Center, Ltd., an Oregon limited partnership

          Topeka Retirement Center, Ltd., a Kansas limited partnership

          Sandy  Retirement Center  Limited Partnership, an  Oregon limited
          partnership

          Hillhaven - MSC Partnership, a California general partnership*

          Twenty-Nine Hundred Associates, a Florida limited partnership

          Medisave Pharmacies Partnership

          Medisave - CSSI Partnership

          * - Only fifty percent (50%)  is owned by one of the Registrant's
          subsidiaries
<PAGE>



          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.01
<SEQUENCE>22
<TEXT>






                                                            Exhibit 23.01











                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT



          The Board of Directors 
          The Hillhaven Corporation:



          We  consent to  incorporation  by reference  in the  Registration
          Statement (No. 33-35034) on Form S-8 of The Hillhaven Corporation
          of our report  dated July  8, 1994 relating  to the  consolidated
          balance sheets  of The Hillhaven Corporation  and subsidiaries as
          of May 31, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements
          of operations, cash flows and changes in stockholders' equity for
          each of the years  in the three-year period  ended May 31,  1994,
          and  all related schedules, which  report appears in  the May 31,
          1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Hillhaven Corporation.

          Our report  refers to a  change in the  method of accounting  for
          income taxes effective June 1, 1992.




                                             KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP




          Seattle, Washington
          August 17, 1994















          <PAGE>
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
