-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QdGF0/wJMqlG8/29NeRYxfRhoaZC/wcxwqvdjfhCJywIV8IN4qL6nGk0KUnInR7B
 ZPCbQabhzxg5jkCDQR6LUQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950152-94-000978.txt : 19941005
<IMS-HEADER>0000950152-94-000978.hdr.sgml : 19941005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-94-000978
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940926
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BEARINGS INC /OH/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000109563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	5080
		IRS NUMBER:				340117420
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02299
		FILM NUMBER:		94550279

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 EUCLID AVE
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2168818900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 EUCLID AVE
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BROWN JIM STORES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>BEARUNGS, INC. 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1





                                   FORM 10-K
                       SECUTITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
             OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

                    For The Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1994

                           Commission File No. 1-2299

                                 BEARINGS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
                 <S>                                               <C>
                            OHIO                                         34-0117420
                 (State or other jurisdiction of                   (I.R.S. Employer
                 incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)
</TABLE>

                   3600 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44115
              (Address of principal executive offices)  (Zip Code)

      Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (216) 881-8900.

                     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                Title of each class        Name of exchange on which registered
                -------------------        ------------------------------------
                 Common Stock without               New York Stock Exchange
                   par value

                Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None


                 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
                 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
                 (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
                 to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
                 requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X       No 
                                                         ----        ----
                 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
                 pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
                 herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's
                 knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
                 incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
                 amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ]

                 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
                 non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the
                 price at which the stock was sold as of the close of business
                 on September 1, 1994: $229,558,403.
<PAGE>   2


                 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
                 registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest
                 practicable date.

                              Class            Outstanding at September 1, 1994
                              -----            --------------------------------
                 Common Stock without par value           7,595,947


                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

                 Listed hereunder are the documents, portions of which are
                 incorporated by reference, and the Parts of this Form 10-K
                 into which such portions are incorporated:

                               (1) Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual Report
                               to shareholders for the
                               fiscal year ended June 30,
                               1994, portions of which are
                               incorporated by reference
                               into Parts I, II and IV of
                               this Form 10-K; and,
                               
                               (2) Bearings, Inc. Proxy Statement
                               dated September 16, 1994,
                               portions of which are
                               incorporated by reference
                               into Parts III and IV of this
                               Form 10-K.
                               
                               
<PAGE>   3


                                    PART I.
                                    -------
                               ITEM 1.  BUSINESS.
                                        ---------
                            BEARINGS, INC., an Ohio corporation, and its
                 wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, BRUENING BEARINGS, INC.,
                 a Kentucky corporation, DIXIE BEARINGS, INCORPORATED, a
                 Tennessee corporation, KING BEARING, INC., a California
                 corporation, and MAINLINE INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTORS, INC., a
                 Wisconsin corporation, are in the business of selling and
                 distributing bearings, mechanical and electrical drive
                 systems, industrial rubber products, fluid power transmission
                 components and specialty maintenance and repair products
                 manufactured by others.  Bearings, Inc. and its wholly-owned
                 operating subsidiaries are hereafter referred to in this
                 Report as the "Company", unless the context indicates
                 otherwise.  The Company's executive offices are located at
                 3600 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio.  The Company and
                 predecessor companies have been engaged in this business since
                 1923.  Bearings, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of
                 Delaware in 1928 and reincorporated from Delaware to Ohio in
                 1988.

                            (a)  GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS.
                                 --------------------------------
                            During fiscal 1994, the Company established a
                 physical presence in strategic geographic markets in the Upper
                 Midwest.  In the summer of 1993, the Company opened two
                 branches in the Chicago area, the largest industrial market in
                 the nation.  In March 1994, the Company acquired Mainline
                 Industrial Distributors, Inc.  of Appleton, Wisconsin in
                 exchange for 196,000 shares of Company Common Stock.  The
                 Mainline acquisition added nine branches to the Company's
                 network, including seven in Wisconsin, one in Minneapolis and
                 one in Chicago.  All continue to operate under the Mainline
                 name.  Four additional Chicago-area branches were acquired by
                 the Company for cash in May 1994.

                            Also in fiscal 1994, the Company's implementation
                 of Total Quality Management ("TQM") continued on course.  TQM
                 is aimed at maximizing customer satisfaction and improving all
                 aspects of the Company's business, while increasing the
                 understanding, involvement and overall teamwork of the
                 Company's employees at all levels.  Virtually all Company
                 branches have undergone quality audits by Company management.
                 Since its adoption of TQM, the Company has been honored with
                 quality-supplier awards from dozens of its customers.

                            In July 1993, John R. Cunin, a Director and former
                 Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of the Company, died after
                 45 years of service to the Company.  Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton,
                 president of Cuyahoga Community College, was elected in
                 January 1994 to fill the vacancy on the Board of Directors.
                 Also in July 1993, Richard C. Shaw, previously Director of
                 Corporate Communications, was appointed to serve as Vice
                 President-Communications & Public Relations.




                                      
                                      2
<PAGE>   4

                                 Further information regarding
                 developments in the Company's business can be found in the
                 Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to shareholders under the
                 caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis" on pages 10 and
                 11, which is incorporated herein by reference.


                            (b)  FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT INDUSTRY SEGMENTS.
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                            The Company considers its business to involve only 
                 one industry segment.

                            (c)  NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS.
                                 ----------------------------------
                            PRODUCTS.  The Company engages in the distribution
                 and sale of ball, roller, thrust and linear type bearings,
                 mechanical, electrical and fluid power transmission
                 components, industrial rubber products and specialty items
                 used in connection with the foregoing such as seals,
                 lubricants, locking devices, sealing compounds, adhesives and
                 tools for use therewith.  Although the Company does not
                 generally manufacture the products that it sells, it does
                 assemble filter carts, fluid power units, speed reducers and
                 electrical panels.

                            The Company is a non-exclusive distributor for
                 numerous manufacturers of the products which it sells.  The
                 principal bearing lines distributed by the Company are:
                 American, Barden, Cooper, FAG, INA, Kaydon, MB Bearings,
                 McGill, Rexnord/PTC, Sealmaster, MRC, SKF, Thomson, Timken and
                 Torrington/Fafnir.  The principal power transmission
                 components distributed by the Company are: Aeroquip, ARO,
                 Baldor, Browning, Dana, Eaton, Falk, FMC, Gates, Goodyear,
                 Jeffrey, Kop-Flex, Lincoln Electric, Lovejoy, Martin, Morse,
                 Reliance/Dodge, Rexnord/PTC, Schrader Bellows, and U.S.
                 Electrical Motors.  Specialty and other items, including
                 bronze, babbit, nylon, rubber, seals, sealants, "O" rings,
                 retaining rings, adhesives, lubricants, maintenance equipment
                 and tools, are purchased from various manufacturers.  The
                 principal suppliers of specialty and other items are: CR
                 Industries, Dow Corning, Garlock, Loctite, J.M. Clipper,
                 National/Federal Mogul, OTC, Parker Hannifin, Rotoclip and
                 Symmco.  The Company believes that its relationships with its
                 suppliers are generally good and that the Company can continue
                 to represent these suppliers.  The loss of certain of these
                 suppliers could have an adverse effect on the Company's
                 business.

                            Based upon the Company's analysis of product dollar
                 sales volume for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, bearings
                 (including mounted bearings, which in some contexts are
                 categorized as power transmission components) represented 50%,
                 power transmission components (including certain rubber and
                 fluid power products) represented 38%, and specialty and other
                 items represented 12% of sales.  For the year ended June 30,
                 1993, bearings represented 52%,


                                       3


<PAGE>   5

                  power transmission components represented 32%, and specialty
                 and other items represented 16% of sales.  For the year ended
                 June 30, 1992, bearings represented 53%, power transmission
                 components 32%, and specialty and other items 15% of sales.

                            The Company rebuilds precision machine spindles and
                 live centers at its Spindle Lab in Cleveland, Ohio.
                 Mechanical shops located in Cleveland, Ohio; Corona,
                 California; Longview, Washington; Modesto, California; Fort
                 Worth, Texas; Carlisle, Pennsylvania; Butte, Montana; and
                 Florence, Kentucky rebuild and assemble speed reducers,
                 provide custom machining and assemble fluid power systems to
                 customer specifications.  Fluid power centers located in Kent,
                 Washington, Corona, California and Worcester, Massachusetts,
                 provide customers with technical expertise.  The Company also
                 operates rubber shops in Arlington, Texas; Longview,
                 Washington; Corona, California; Modesto, California; Tucson,
                 Arizona; Atlanta, Georgia; Dayton, New Jersey;  and Crestwood,
                 Illinois to modify conveyor belts and provide hose assemblies
                 in accordance with customer requirements.

                            SERVICES.  The Company's sales personnel advise and
                 assist customers with respect to the selection and application
                 of various bearings, related accessories and power
                 transmission components.  The Company considers this advice
                 and assistance to be an integral part of its overall sales
                 efforts.  Company sales personnel consist of inside customer
                 service and field account representatives assigned to each
                 branch, in addition to representatives assigned as industry
                 and product specialists.  Inside customer service
                 representatives receive, process and expedite customer orders,
                 provide pricing and product information, and provide
                 assistance to field account representatives in servicing
                 customers.  Field account representatives make on-site calls
                 to customers and potential customers to provide product and
                 pricing information, make surveys of customer requirements and
                 recommendations, and assist in the implementation of
                 maintenance programs.  The Company maintains inventory levels
                 in each branch that are tailored to meet the immediate needs
                 of its customers and maintains back-up inventory in its
                 distribution centers, thereby enabling customers to minimize
                 their own inventories.  Such inventories consist of certain
                 standard items stocked at most branches as well as other items
                 related to the specific needs of customers in the particular
                 locale.  Due to its high percentage of sales in the
                 maintenance and replacement market, the Company believes that
                 service is more important than price in its sales effort,
                 although price is a competitive factor.  As a result, the
                 business of each branch is concentrated largely in the
                 geographic area in which it is located.  Special products or
                 products for export may be sold from a number of locations.





                                      4


<PAGE>   6

                            Timely delivery of products to customers is an
                 integral part of the service that the Company provides.
                 Branches and distribution centers utilize the most effective
                 method of transportation available to meet customer needs
                 including both surface and air common carrier and courier
                 services.  The Company also maintains a fleet of delivery
                 vehicles to provide for delivery to customers.  These
                 transportation services and delivery vehicles are also
                 utilized for movement of products between suppliers,
                 distribution centers and branches to assure availability of
                 merchandise for customer needs.

                            The Company's ability to service its customers is
                 enhanced by its computerized inventory and sales information
                 systems.  The Company's point-of-sale OMNEX(TM) 2.0 computer
                 system gives all Company locations on-line access to
                 inventory, sales analysis and  data.  Inventory and sales
                 information is updated as transactions are entered.  The
                 OMNEX(TM) 2.0 system permits direct access for order entry, 
                 pricing and price-auditing, order expediting and back order 
                 review.  The Company's computer system also permits Electronic
                 Data Interchange (EDI) with participating customers.  Nine
                 network-integrated computer sites serve all branches,
                 distribution centers and service facilities.  Three additional
                 network-integrated computer systems in Cleveland are tied into
                 a mainframe computer for sales analysis, management
                 information and accounting applications.

                            The Company's operations contrast sharply with
                 those of manufacturers whose products it sells in that the
                 manufacturers generally confine their direct sales activities
                 to large-volume transactions with original equipment
                 manufacturers who incorporate the components purchased into
                 the products they make.  The manufacturers generally do not
                 sell replacement components directly to the customer but refer
                 the customer to the Company or another nearby distributor,
                 although there is no assurance that this practice will
                 continue.

                            Patents, trademarks and licenses do not have a 
                 significant effect on the Company's business.

                            MARKETS AND METHODS OF DISTRIBUTION.  The Company
                 estimates that approximately 85% of its sales are in the
                 maintenance and replacement market, the balance being sales
                 for original equipment.  The Company purchases from over 100
                 major suppliers of bearings, power transmission components and
                 related items and resells to a wide range of customers, which
                 include industrial plants of all kinds, machine shops, mines,
                 paper mills, public utilities, all modes of transportation,
                 defense establishments and other government agencies, garages,
                 textile mills, food processing plants, schools and
                 universities, hospitals, high technology businesses,
                 contractors, agricultural concerns and other enterprises using
                 any form of machine, vehicle or implement that
                                      5
<PAGE>   7





                 contains bearings, power transmission components or related
                 maintenance items.  Its customers range from the largest
                 industrial concerns in the country to the smallest.  The
                 Company's business is not significantly dependent upon a
                 single customer or group of customers, the loss of which would
                 have a material adverse effect upon the Company's business as
                 a whole, and no single customer of the Company accounts for
                 more than 2% of the Company's total sales.

                            During fiscal 1994, 5 branches were closed or
                 consolidated with other branches and 21 branches were newly
                 opened or acquired.  On June 30, 1994, the Company had 339
                 branches in 40 states.  The Company has no operations outside
                 the continental United States.

                            The Company's export business during the fiscal
                 year ended June 30, 1994 and prior fiscal years was less than
                 2% of net sales, and is not concentrated in any one geographic
                 area.

                            COMPETITION.  The Company considers its overall
                 business to be highly competitive.  The Company's principal
                 competitors are other specialized bearing and power
                 transmission distributors and industrial parts distributors,
                 and, to a lesser extent, mine and mill supply houses.  These
                 competitors include single and multiple branch operations,
                 some of which are divisions or subsidiaries of larger
                 organizations that may have greater financial resources than
                 the Company.  There is a trend in the industry toward larger
                 multiple branch operations.  The Company also competes with
                 the manufacturers of original equipment and their distributors
                 in the sale of maintenance and replacement bearings, power
                 transmission components and related items.  Some of these
                 manufacturers may have greater financial resources than the
                 Company.  The competitors and the number of competitors vary
                 throughout the geographic areas in which the Company does
                 business.  As a distributor, the Company's market continues to
                 be influenced by competitive products of European and Asian
                 manufacturers, which are sold in the United States.  The
                 Company continues to develop and implement marketing
                 strategies to maintain a competitive position.

                            The Company is one of the leading distributors of
                 replacement bearings, power transmission components and
                 related items in the United States, but the Company's share of
                 the market for those products is relatively small compared to
                 the portion of that market serviced by original equipment
                 manufacturers and other distributors, including dealers in
                 distressed and surplus merchandise.  The Company may not be
                 the largest distributor in each of the geographic areas in
                 which a branch is located.

                            BACKLOG AND SEASONALITY.  The Company does not have 
                 a substantial backlog of orders and backlog is not significant
                 in the business of the Company since prompt delivery of the
                 majority of the Company's products is essential to the
                 Company's business.  The Company does not consider its
                 business to be seasonal.

                                      6
<PAGE>   8
                            RAW MATERIALS AND GENERAL BUSINESS CONDITIONS.  The
                 Company's operations are dependent upon general industrial
                 activities and economic conditions and would be adversely
                 affected by the unavailability of raw materials to its
                 suppliers or by any prolonged recession or depression that has
                 an adverse effect on American industrial activity generally.

                            NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES.  On June 30, 1994, the Company
                 had 4056 employees (not including the Company's executive
                 officers).  None of the Company's employees are covered by
                 collective bargaining.  The Company considers its relationship
                 with its employees to be generally favorable.

                            WORKING CAPITAL.  The Company's working capital
                 position is disclosed in the financial statements referred to
                 at Item 8 on page 12 of this Report and is discussed in
                 "Management's Discussion and Analysis" set forth in the
                 Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to shareholders on pages 10
                 and 11.

                            The Company requires substantial working capital
                 related to accounts receivable and inventories.  Significant
                 amounts of inventory are required to be carried to meet rapid
                 delivery requirements of customers.  The Company generally
                 requires all payments for sales on account within 30 days and
                 generally customers have no right to return merchandise.
                 Returns are not considered to have a material effect on the
                 Company's working capital requirements.  The Company believes
                 that such practices are consistent with prevailing industry
                 practices in these areas.

                            ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS.  The Company believes that
                 compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating
                 the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise
                 relating to the protection of the environment will not have a
                 material adverse effect upon capital expenditures, earnings or
                 competitive position of the Company.

                            (d)   FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND 
                                  ---------------------------------------
                                  DOMESTIC OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES.
                                  -------------------------------------
                            The Company has no operations outside the
                 continental United States.  The Company's export business
                 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, and prior fiscal
                 years, was less than 2% of net sales, and is not concentrated
                 in any one geographic area.

                              ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.
                                       -----------
                            The Company owns or leases the properties in which
                 its offices, branches, distribution centers, shops and
                 corporate facilities are located.  As of June 30, 1994, the
                 real properties at 187 locations were owned by the Company,
                 while 164 locations were leased by the Company.  Certain
                 property locations may contain multiple operations, such as a 
                 branch and a distribution center.

                                      7
<PAGE>   9

                            The principal real properties owned by the Company
                 (each of which has more than 20,000 square feet of floor
                 space) are: the corporate office building in Cleveland, Ohio;
                 the corporate finance and information services office building
                 in Cleveland, Ohio; the Cleveland East branch in Cleveland,
                 Ohio; the Prospect mechanical shop in Cleveland, Ohio; the
                 Midwest Distribution Center in Florence, Kentucky; the John R.
                 Cunin Distribution Center in Carlisle, Pennsylvania; and the
                 Portland branch and Portland Distribution Center in Portland,
                 Oregon.  The principal real properties leased by the Company
                 (each of which has more than 20,000 square feet of floor
                 space) are: the Corona offices and Corona Distribution Center
                 in Corona, California; the Fulton Industrial branch and J. L.
                 Lammers Distribution Center in Atlanta, Georgia; the Fort
                 Worth Distribution Center in Fort Worth, Texas; the Long Beach
                 branch in Long Beach, California; the San Jose branch in San
                 Jose, California; the Worcester branch and fluid power center
                 in Worcester, Massachusetts; the Longview branch and Longview
                 Distribution Center in Longview, Washington; the Appleton
                 offices and branch in Appleton, Wisconsin; and the Milwaukee
                 branch in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

                            The Company considers the properties owned or
                 leased to be generally sufficient to meet its requirements for
                 office space and inventory stocking.  The size of the
                 buildings in which the Company's branches are located is
                 primarily influenced by the amount of inventory required to be
                 carried to meet the needs of the customers of the branch.  All
                 of the real properties owned or leased by the Company are
                 being utilized by the Company in its business except for
                 certain properties, which in the aggregate are not material
                 and are either for sale or lease to third parties due to
                 relocation or closing of a facility.  Unused portions of
                 buildings may be leased or subleased to others.

                            Generally, when opening a new branch, the Company
                 will lease space for a term not exceeding five years.  Then,
                 as the business develops, suitable property may be purchased
                 or leased for relocation of the branch.  A new general purpose
                 office-storeroom building may be constructed.  However, the
                 Company has no fixed policy in this regard, and in each
                 instance the final decision is made on the basis of
                 availability and cost of suitable property in the local real
                 estate market, whether purchased or leased.  The Company does
                 not consider any one of its properties to be material, because
                 it believes that if it becomes necessary or desirable to
                 relocate any of its branches and distribution centers, other
                 suitable properties could be found.

                            During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, the
                 Company opened or acquired 21 new branches and closed or
                 consolidated 5 branches.
                                      8
<PAGE>   10
                      ITEM 3.  PENDING LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
                               -------------------------  

                            In 1989, Bearings, Inc. was served with a Second
                 Amended Complaint in a case captioned SAMMIE ADKINS, ET AL. V.
                 A. P. GREEN INDUSTRIES, INC., ET AL., Summit County Court of
                 Common Pleas Case No. ACV 88- 7-2398, naming it as an
                 additional defendant, along with over 200 other defendants.
                 Subsequently, 17 additional cases were filed in the same court
                 naming Bearings, Inc. as a defendant and setting forth
                 virtually the same allegations against many of the same
                 defendants on behalf of different plaintiffs.  These cases are
                 known generally as the Akron Tireworker Asbestos Cases and
                 allege that the plaintiffs (including spouses in some cases)
                 were injured due to exposure to asbestos while working for
                 various tire and rubber companies in the greater Akron, Ohio
                 area.  In each case the employee plaintiff has sued for
                 $500,000 compensatory and $500,000 punitive damages.  About
                 40% of the plaintiffs in the cases are spouses of the
                 employees, and the spouse plaintiffs have each sued for
                 $50,000 compensatory and $50,000 punitive damages.

                            Preliminary information made available to the
                 Company indicates that Bearings, Inc. has been named a
                 defendant in these cases only as a supplier of certain
                 products manufactured by others, which products allegedly
                 contained asbestos.  Due to the court's case management order,
                 the proceedings as they relate to Bearings, Inc. are in the
                 preliminary stages; the Company believes, however, based upon
                 circumstances presently known that such cases are not material
                 to its business or its financial condition.  The Company
                 intends to defend these cases vigorously.  Even if liability
                 were assessed, the Company would seek indemnification from its
                 suppliers and its insurance carriers.

                            In 1992, a jury in a case captioned KING BEARING,
                 INC., ET AL. V. CARYL EDMUND ORANGES, ET AL., Superior Court
                 of the State of California, County of Orange, Case No.
                 53-42-31, awarded a $32.4 million judgment against King
                 Bearing, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bearings, Inc.;
                 however, as explained below, the Company believes that this
                 judgment will have no material adverse effect on its business
                 or financial condition.  The verdict was based on contractual
                 and other claims asserted by various cross- complainants
                 against King Bearing in a breach of contract and unfair
                 competition case initially filed by King Bearing in 1987.  The
                 suit, which involved a former owner of King Bearing, was
                 pending at the time Bearings, Inc. acquired King Bearing in
                 June 1990.  All events relative to the judgment occurred prior
                 to the Company's purchase of King Bearing.  Although Bearings,
                 Inc. was subsequently named as a party to the lawsuit in 1991,
                 the jury found no liability on the part of Bearings, Inc.
                 Under the 1990 Stock Purchase Agreement relative to the
                 acquisition of King Bearing, both Bearings, Inc. and King
                 Bearing were specifically indemnified by the ultimate parent
                 of the former owner of King Bearing (whose stockholders' 
                 equity exceeded $3 billion at June 30,

                                      9
<PAGE>   11
                  1994) for any damages or loss related to the judgment.  The
                 judgment is being strongly contested by counsel retained by
                 the indemnitor on behalf of King Bearing, and in September
                 1992, the trial court granted the motion of King Bearing for a
                 new trial as to all but $219,000 in damages returned by the
                 jury.  A notice of appeal was filed by the cross-complainants,
                 and the case is now pending in the California Court of Appeal,
                 Fourth Appellate District.

                   ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
                            ----------------------------------------------------
                            No matters were submitted to a vote of security
                 holders of Bearings, Inc. during the last quarter of the
                 fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.


                              EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
                              -------------------------------------
                            The Executive Officers are elected for a term of
                 one year, or until their successors are chosen and qualified,
                 at the organizational meeting of the Board of Directors held
                 immediately following the annual meeting of shareholders.  The
                 following is a listing of the Executive Officers of Bearings,
                 Inc. and a description of their business experience during the
                 past five years.  Except as otherwise stated, the positions
                 and offices indicated are with Bearings, Inc. and the persons
                 were elected to their present positions on October 19, 1993:

                                  JOHN C. DANNEMILLER.  Mr. Dannemiller
                             is Chairman (since January 1992), Chief
                             Executive Officer (since January 1992) and a
                             Director (since 1985). He was President (from
                             January 1990 to January 1992), Chief Operating
                             Officer (from October 1988 to January 1992) and
                             Executive Vice President (from 1988 to January
                             1990).  He is 56 years of age.
                             
                                  JOHN C. ROBINSON.  Mr. Robinson is
                             President (since January 1992), Chief Operating
                             Officer (since January 1992), and a Director
                             (since 1991). He was Vice President (from October
                             1989 to January 1992) and Executive Vice President
                             & General Manager of the Corporation's
                             wholly-owned subsidiary, King Bearing, Inc. (from
                             June 1990 to October 1991).  He was Director of
                             Development & Strategic Planning from 1987 to
                             October 1989.  He is 52 years of age.

                                  MARK O. EISELE.  Mr. Eisele is
                             Controller (since October 1992).  He was
                             Manager of Internal Audit (from June 1991 to
                             October 1992).  Prior to that, Mr. Eisele was a
                             Senior Manager with Deloitte & Touche.  He is 37
                             years of age.




                                      10
<PAGE>   12
                                   FRANCIS A. MARTINS.  Mr. Martins is
                             Vice President-Marketing (since May 1992).  He was
                             Vice President, Industrial Aftermarket Operations
                             for SKF USA Inc., a manufacturer of bearings and
                             related products (from 1985 to May 1992).  He is
                             51 years of age.
        
                                   FREDERICK L. MOHR.  Mr. Mohr is Vice
                             President-Sales & Marketing (since 1983).  He is
                             64 years of age.
        
                                   RICHARD C. SHAW.  Mr. Shaw is Vice
                             President-Communications & Public Relations
                             (since July 1993).  He was Director of Corporate
                             Communications from 1989 to July 1993.  He is 45
                             years of age.
                             
                                    ROBERT C. STINSON.  Mr. Stinson is Vice
                             President-General Counsel (since 1989) and
                             Secretary (since October 1990).  He was Assistant
                             Secretary (from 1978 to October 1990).  He is 48
                             years of age.
        
                                     JOHN R. WHITTEN.  Mr. Whitten is Vice
                             President-Finance & Treasurer (since October
                             1992).  He was Vice President (since 1985) and
                             Controller (from 1981 to October 1992).  He is 48
                             years of age.


                                                 PART II.
                                                 --------
                    ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
                             -------------------------------------------------
                                           STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
                                           --------------------
                            The Company's Common Stock, without par value, is
                 listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange.  The
                 information concerning the principal market for the Company's
                 Common Stock, the quarterly stock prices and dividends for the
                 fiscal years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993 and the  number of
                 shareholders of record as of September 1, 1994 is set forth in
                 the Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to shareholders on page
                 25, under the caption "Quarterly Operating Results and Market
                 Data", and such information is incorporated here by reference.

                                   ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
                                            ------------------------
                            The summary of selected financial data for each of
                 the last five years is set forth in the Bearings, Inc. 1994
                 Annual Report to shareholders in the table on pages 26 and 27 
                 under the caption "10 Year Summary" and is incorporated here by
                 reference.

                                      11
<PAGE>   13
                 ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
                          -------------------------------------------------
                                CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
                                ------------------------------------
                            The "Management's Discussion and Analysis" is set
                 forth in the Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to shareholders
                 on pages 10 and 11 and is incorporated here by reference.

                   ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
                            --------------------------------------------
                            The following consolidated financial statements and
                 supplementary data of Bearings, Inc. and subsidiaries for the
                 1994, 1993 and 1992 fiscal years and the independent auditors'
                 report listed below, which are included in the Bearings, Inc.
                 1994 Annual Report to shareholders at the pages indicated, are
                 incorporated here by reference and filed herewith:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CAPTION                                                                        PAGE NO.
- - -------                                                                        --------
<S>                                                                       <C> 

Financial Statements:

     Statements of Consolidated
     Income for the Years Ended
     June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                   12
     
     Consolidated Balance Sheets
     June 30, 1994 and 1993                                                         13
     
     Statements of Consolidated
     Cash Flows for the Years Ended
     June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                                                   14
     
     Statements of Consolidated
     Shareholders' Equity for the
     Years Ended June 30, 1994,
     1993 and 1992                                                                  15
     
     Notes to Consolidated
     Financial Statements for the
     Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993
     and 1992                                                                    16 - 22
     
Independent Auditors' Report                                                        23
     
     Supplementary Data:

          Quarterly Operating Results and
          Market Data                                                               25
</TABLE>  


                                      12
<PAGE>   14

                 ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
                          ------------------------------------------------
                              ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
                              ------------------------------------
                                         Not applicable.
   

                                             PART III.
                                             ---------
                 ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.
                           ---------------------------------------------------
                          The information required by this Item as to the
                 Directors is set forth in the Bearings, Inc. Proxy Statement
                 dated September 16, 1994 on pages 3 through 5 under the
                 caption "Election of Directors" and is incorporated here by
                 reference.  The information required by this Item as to the
                 Executive Officers has been furnished in this Report on pages
                 10 and 11 in Part I, after Item 4, under the caption
                 "Executive Officers of the Registrant".  The information
                 required by this Item as to Forms 3, 4 and 5 reporting
                 delinquencies is set forth in the Bearings, Inc. Proxy
                 Statement dated September 16, 1994 on page 18 under the
                 caption "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
                 Exchange Act of 1934" and is incorporated here by reference.


                              ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
                                        -----------------------
                          The information required by this Item is set forth in
                 the Bearings, Inc. Proxy Statement dated September 16, 1994,
                 under the captions "Summary Compensation" on pages 8 and 9,
                 "Aggregate Option/SAR Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option
                 Value Table" on page 9, "Estimated Retirement Benefits Under
                 Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefits Plan" on page 10,
                 "Compensation of Directors" on page 14, "Deferred Compensation
                 Plan for Non-employee Directors" on page 15, "G. L. LaMore
                 Consulting Agreement" on page 16, "Deferred Compensation Plan"
                 on page 16, and "Severance Payment Agreements" on pages 16 and
                 17, and is incorporated here by reference.


                           ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
                                     -----------------------------
                               BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
                               ---------------------------------
                          (a)  Information concerning the security ownership of
                 certain beneficial owners is set forth under the caption
                 "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners" on page 6 of
                 the Bearings, Inc. Proxy Statement dated September 16, 1994,
                 and is incorporated here by reference.

                          (b)  Information concerning security ownership of
                 management is set forth under the caption "Security Ownership
                 of Management" on page 7 of the  Bearings, Inc.  Proxy
                 Statement  dated September 16, 1994, and is incorporated here
                 by reference.




                                      13
                                     
<PAGE>   15
              ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
                        ----------------------------------------------
                                       Not applicable.

                                          PART IV.
                                          --------

                 ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FINANCIAL
                           -----------------------------------------
                         STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
                         --------------------------------------------
                 (a)1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
                        ---------------------
                          The following consolidated financial statements of
                 the Company, notes thereto, the independent auditors' report
                 and supplemental data are included in the Bearings, Inc. 1994
                 Annual Report to shareholders on pages 12 through 23 and page
                 25, and are incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this
                 Report.

                                        Caption
                                        -------
                        Statements of Consolidated Income for the
                        Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                        
                        Consolidated Balance Sheets
                        June 30, 1994 and 1993
                        
                        Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for
                        the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992

                        Statements of Consolidated Shareholders'
                        Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 1994,
                        1993 and 1992
                        
                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                        for the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993
                        and 1992
                        
                        Independent Auditors' Report

                        Supplementary Data:
                        Quarterly Operating Results and Market Data

                 (a)2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
                        ------------------------------
                          The following Report and Schedules are included in
                 this Part IV, and are found in this Report at the pages
                 indicated:

                 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                        Caption                                      Page No.
                        -------                                      --------
                        <S>                                          <C>
                        Independent Auditors' Report                    20

                                      14
<PAGE>   16
 
                       Schedule V - Property, Plant
                       and Equipment                             21

                       Schedule VI - Accumulated
                       Depreciation and Depletion of
                       Property, Plant and Equipment             22             

                       Schedule VIII - Valuation and
                       Qualifying Accounts                       23

                       Schedule IX - Short Term
                       Borrowings                                24
                 
</TABLE>

                          All other schedules for which provision is made in
                 the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and
                 Exchange Commission have been omitted because they are not
                 required under the related instructions, are not applicable,
                 or the required information is included in the financial
                 statements and notes thereto.

                 (a)3.  EXHIBITS.
                        ---------
                           *     Asterisk indicates an executive compensation 
                                 plan or arrangement.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        
         Exhibit
         No.                                        Description
        <S>                                   <C>
         -------                                    -----------
         3(a)                                  Amended and Restated
                                               Articles of Incorporation of
                                               Bearings, Inc., an Ohio
                                               corporation, filed with  the
                                               Ohio  Secretary  of  State on
                                               October 18, 1988 (filed as
                                               Exhibit 4(a) to the Bearings,
                                               Inc. Form 8-K dated October
                                               21, 1988, SEC File No.
                                               1-2299, and incorporated here
                                               by reference).
         
         3(b)                                   Code of Regulations of
                                               Bearings, Inc., an Ohio
                                               corporation, adopted
                                               September 6, 1988 (filed as
                                               Exhibit 4(b) to the Bearings,
                                               Inc. Form 8-K dated October
                                               21, 1988, SEC File No.
                                               1-2299, and incorporated here
                                               by reference).
         
         3(c)                                   Certificate of Amendment of
                                               Amended and Restated Articles
                                               of Incorporation of Bearings,
                                               Inc., an Ohio corporation,
                                               filed with the  Ohio
                                               Secretary  of State on
                                               October 27, 1988 (filed as
                                               Exhibit 4(c) to the Bearings,
                                               Inc. Form 10-Q for the
                                               quarter ended September 30,
                                               1988, SEC File No. 1-2299,
                                               and incorporated here by
                                               reference).
         
</TABLE>         
                                      15
<PAGE>   17





                 3(d)            Certificate of Amendment of
                                 Amended and Restated Articles
                                 of Incorporation of Bearings,
                                 Inc. filed with the Ohio
                                 Secretary of State on October
                                 17, 1990 (filed as Exhibit
                                 4(e) to the Bearings, Inc.
                                 Form 10-Q for the quarter
                                 ended September 30, 1990, SEC
                                 File No. 1-2299, and
                                 incorporated here by
                                 reference).
             
                 4(a)            Certificate of Merger of
                                 Bearings, Inc. (Ohio) and
                                 Bearings, Inc. (Delaware)
                                 filed with the Ohio Secretary
                                 of State on October 18, 1988
                                 (filed as Exhibit 4 to the
                                 Bearings, Inc. Annual Report
                                 on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                                 year ended June 30, 1989, SEC
                                 File No. 1-2299, and
                                 incorporated here by
                                 reference).
             
                 4(b)            $80,000,000 Maximum
                                 Aggregate Principal Amount
                                 Note Purchase and Private
                                 Shelf Facility dated October
                                 31, 1992 between Bearings,
                                 Inc. and The Prudential
                                 Insurance Company of America
                                 (filed as Exhibit 4(f) to the
                                 Bearings, Inc. Form 10-Q for
                                 the quarter ended September
                                 30, 1992, SEC File No.
                                 1-2299, and incorporated here
                                 by reference).
             
             *10(a)              Form of Executive Severance
                                 Agreement between the Company and 7
                                 executive officers (filed as Exhibit
                                 10(b) to the Bearings, Inc. Annual
                                 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                                 year ended June 30, 1989, SEC File
                                 No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                 reference), together with schedule
                                 pursuant to Instruction 2 of Item
                                 601(a) of Regulation S-K identifying
                                 the officers and setting forth the
                                 material details in which the
                                 agreements differ from the form of
                                 agreement that is filed.
             
             *10(b)              Form of amendment dated January 17,
                                 1991 amending the Executive
                                 Severance Agreements filed as
                                 Exhibit 10(b) to the Bearings, Inc.
                                 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                                 fiscal year ended June 30, 1989
                                 (filed as Exhibit 19(a) to the
                                 Bearings, Inc. Form 10-Q for the
                                 quarter ended December 31, 1990, SEC
                                 File No. 1-2299, and incorporated
                                 here by reference).  The amendment
                                 is applicable to all executive
                                 officers named in the schedule filed
                                 as part of Exhibit 10(a) of this
                                 Report and that schedule is
                                 incorporated here by reference.
                    
                                      16
<PAGE>   18
               
               *10(c)              A written description of the
                                   Directors' compensation program is
                                   found in the Bearings, Inc. Proxy
                                   Statement dated September 16, 1994,
                                   SEC File No. 1-2299, on pages 14 and
                                   15 under the caption "Compensation
                                   of Directors", and is incorporated
                                   here by reference.
               
               *10(d)              Deferred Compensation Plan for
                                   Non-employee Directors (filed as
                                   Exhibit 19 to the Bearings, Inc.
                                   Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
                                   December 31, 1991, SEC File No. 1-
                                   2299, and incorporated here by
                                   reference).
               
               *10(e)              First Amendment to Deferred
                                   Compensation Plan for Non-Employee
                                   Directors effective July 1, 1993,
                                   providing participants with
                                   additional flexibility in electing
                                   to defer receipt of compensation,
                                   and in amending and terminating such
                                   elections (filed as Exhibit 10(e) to
                                   the Bearings, Inc. Form 10-K for the
                                   fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, SEC
                                   File No. 1-2299, and incorporated
                                   here by reference).
               
               *10(f)              A written description of the Company's
                                   Non-Contributory Life and Accidental
                                   Death and Dismemberment Insurance
                                   for executive officers.
               
               *10(g)              A written description of the
                                   Company's Long-Term Disability
                                   Insurance for executive officers.
               
               *10(h)              Form of Director and Officer
                                   Indemnification Agreement entered
                                   into between the Company and its
                                   directors and its executive officers
                                   (filed as Appendix A to the
                                   Bearings, Inc. Proxy Statement dated
                                   September 17, 1992, SEC File No.
                                   1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                   reference), together with a schedule
                                   pursuant to Instruction 2 of Item
                                   601(a) of Regulation S-K identifying
                                   the directors and executive officers
                                   executing such Agreements.
               
               *10(i)              Bearings, Inc. Supplemental
                                   Executive Retirement Benefits Plan
                                   (July 1, 1993 Restatement) presently
                                   covering 7 executive officers of
                                   Bearings, Inc. (as well as certain
                                   retired executive officers) (filed
                                   as Exhibit 10(j) to the Bearings,
                                   Inc.  Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                                   ended June 30, 1993, SEC File No.
                                   1-2299, and incorporated here by reference).
                                   
                                      17
<PAGE>   19

                  *10(j)              First Amendment to Bearings, Inc.
                                      Supplemental Executive Retirement
                                      Benefits Plan (July 1, 1993
                                      Restatement) (filed as Exhibit 10(a)
                                      to the Bearings, Inc. Form 10-Q for
                                      the quarter ended December 31, 1993,
                                      SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                      incorporated here by reference).
                  
                  *10(k)              Bearings, Inc. Deferred Compensation
                                      Plan (filed as Exhibit A to the
                                      Bearings, Inc.  Proxy Statement
                                      dated September 16, 1993, SEC File
                                      No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                      reference).
                  
                      10(l)           Stock Purchase Agreement between
                                      Bearings, Inc. and MLS Industries,
                                      Inc. dated June 12, 1990 (filed as
                                      Exhibit 2 to the Bearings, Inc. Form
                                      8-K dated July 12, 1990, SEC File
                                      No. 1-2299, and incorporated here by
                                      reference).
                  
                      10(m)           Amendment to Stock Purchase
                                      Agreement and Related Guarantee and
                                      Agreement among Bearings, Inc., MLS
                                      Industries, Inc. and Emerson
                                      Electric Co., dated as of June 29,
                                      1990 (filed as Exhibit 2(a) to the
                                      Bearings, Inc. Form 8-K dated July
                                      12, 1990, SEC File No. 1-2299, and
                                      incorporated here by reference).
                  
                  *10(n)              Bearings, Inc. 1990 Long-Term
                                      Performance Plan adopted by
                                      Shareholders on October 16, 1990
                                      (filed as Exhibit 10(t) to the
                                      Bearings, Inc. Form 10-K for the
                                      fiscal year ended June 30, 1991, SEC
                                      File No. 1-2299, and incorporated
                                      here by reference).
                  
                  *10(o)              A written description of the
                                      Company's Management Incentive Plan
                                      applicable to key executives,
                                      including the five most highly
                                      compensated executive officers, is
                                      found in the Bearings, Inc. Proxy
                                      Statement dated September 16, 1994,
                                      SEC File No. 1-2299, on pages 11 and
                                      12, in the Report of the Executive
                                      Organization & Compensation
                                      Committee of the Board of Directors
                                      on Executive Compensation, under the
                                      subcaption "Management Incentive
                                      Plan", and is incorporated here by
                                      reference.
                  
                  *10(p)              Consulting Agreement effective
                                      January 2, 1992 between the Company
                                      and George L.  LaMore, Director and
                                      former Chairman & Chief Executive
              
                                      18

<PAGE>   20
                           Officer of the Company (filed 
                           as Exhibit 28 to the Bearings,  
                           Inc. Form 10-Q for the quarter 
                           ended December 31, 1991, SEC 
                           File No. 1-2299, and incorporated 
                           here by reference).
                           
           11              Computation of Net Income
                           Per Share.

           13              Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual
                           Report to shareholders (not
                           deemed "filed" as part of
                           this Form 10-K except for
                           those portions that are
                           expressly incorporated by
                           reference).

           21              Subsidiaries of Bearings,
                           Inc. -- This information is
                           set forth at "Item 1.
                           Business" on page 2 of this
                           Report and is incorporated
                           here by reference.

           23              Independent Auditors' Consent.

           27              Financial Data Schedule.

        
                 The Company will furnish a copy of any
           exhibit described above and not contained
           herein upon payment of a specified reasonable
           fee which fee shall be limited to the
           Company's reasonable expenses in furnishing
           such exhibit.
        
(b)      REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
         ------------------- 

         None during the quarter ended June 30, 1994.

         
                                      19
<PAGE>   21





                            INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT


                 Shareholders and Board of Directors
                 Bearings, Inc.

                          We have audited the consolidated balance sheets of
                 Bearings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June
                 30, 1994 and 1993 and the related consolidated statements of
                 income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
                 years in the three year period ended June 30, 1994 and have
                 issued our report thereon dated August 5, 1994; such
                 consolidated financial statements and report are included in
                 your 1994 Annual Report to shareholders and are incorporated
                 herein by reference.  Our audits also included the
                 consolidated financial statement schedules of the Company,
                 listed in Item 14(a)2.  These consolidated financial statement
                 schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management.
                 Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our
                 audits.  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statement
                 schedules, when considered in relation to the basic
                 consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present
                 fairly in all material respects the information set forth
                 therein.



                 DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP




                 Cleveland, Ohio
                 August 5, 1994

                                      20
<PAGE>   22


<TABLE>



                                                   BEARINGS, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                                 
                                                   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                    COLUMN A          COLUMN B          COLUMN C         COLUMN D          COLUMN E         COLUMN F
                    --------          --------          --------         --------          -------          --------
                                     BALANCE AT                                              OTHER           BALANCE
                                      BEGINNING         ADDITIONS                           CHANGES           AT END 
                                      OF PERIOD          AT COST        RETIREMENTS       ADD (DEDUCT)      OF PERIOD          
                                      ---------        -----------      -----------       -----------       ---------
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994:                                                                                
 <S>                                 <C>                <C>             <C>                <C>              <C>
          Land                          $ 11,265           $   760       ($   383)                           $ 11,642
                                                                                                                    
          Buildings                       52,001             3,628       (  1,407)          $  667 (A)         54,889
                                                                                                          
          Equipment                       66,479            12,197       ( 13,623)           1,853 (A)         66,906
                                        --------           -------        -------           ------           --------
                  Total                 $129,745           $16,585       ($15,413)          $2,520           $133,437
                                        ========           =======        =======           ======           ========
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1993:                                                                                
                                                                                                          
          Land                          $ 11,477           $    73       ($   285)                             11,265
                                                                                                                    
          Buildings                       49,522             4,231       (  1,752)                             52,001
                                                                                                                           
          Equipment                       76,080             9,296       ( 18,897)                             66,479
                                        --------           -------        -------                            --------
                  Total                 $137,079           $13,600       ($20,934)                           $129,745
                                        ========           =======        =======                            ========
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1992:                                                                                
                                                                                                          
          Land                          $ 10,476           $ 1,037        ($   36)                           $ 11,477
                                                                                                                    
          Buildings                       48,884             2,314        ( 1,708)          $   32             49,522
                                                                                                                           
          Equipment                       69,813            17,093        (10,794)          (   32)            76,080
                                        --------           -------        -------           ------           --------
                  Total                 $129,173           $20,444       ($12,538)              $0           $137,079
                                        ========           =======        =======               ==           ========
<FN>                                                                                                      
 NOTE:   For financial reporting purposes, depreciation is primarily computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful
         lives of the assets, not exceeding 30 years.

  (A)    Other changes for the year ended June 30, 1994 relate to the pooling of interests with Mainline Industrial Distributors, 
         Inc. and the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            SCHEDULE V
</TABLE>
                                                                21
<PAGE>   23
<TABLE>
                                                   BEARINGS, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
                                                   -----------------------------

                              ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                    COLUMN A            COLUMN B         COLUMN C       COLUMN D          COLUMN E         COLUMN F
                    --------            --------         --------       --------          --------         --------
                                                         ADDITIONS                                     
                                       BALANCE AT       CHARGED TO                          OTHER           BALANCE
                                        BEGINNING        COSTS AND                         CHARGES          AT END
                                        AT PERIOD         EXPENSES     RETIREMENTS       ADD (DEDUCT)      OF PERIOD
                                        ----------      -----------    -----------      -------------      ---------
 <S>                                     <C>            <C>            <C>              <C>               <C>
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994:                                                                             
                                                                                                       
          Buildings                      $16,345          $ 2,456         ($   636)     $  154 (A)        $18,319
                                                                                                       
          Equipment                       33,350           11,130         ( 10,651)      1,170 (A)         34,999
                                         -------          -------         --------      ------            -------
                                                                                                       
                  Total                  $49,695          $13,586         ($11,287)     $1,324            $53,318
                                         =======          =======         ========      ======            =======
                                                                                                       
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1993:                                                                             
                                                                                                       
          Buildings                      $14,719          $ 2,260         ($   634)                       $16,345
                                                                                                       
          Equipment                       39,759           10,506          (16,915)                        33,350
                                         -------          -------         --------                        -------
                                                                                                       
                  Total                  $54,478          $12,766         ($17,549)                       $49,695
                                         =======          =======         ========                        =======
                                                                                                       
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1992:                                                                             
                                                                                                       
          Buildings                      $13,442          $ 2,165          ($  843)       ($45)           $14,719
                                                                                                       
          Equipment                       37,619           10,421          ( 8,326)         45             39,759
                                         -------          -------         --------       -----            -------
                                                                                                       
                  Total                  $51,061          $12,586          ($9,169)         $0            $54,478
                                         =======          =======         ========          ==            =======
                                                                                                       
<FN>                                                                                                   
(A)  Other changes for the year ended June 30, 1994 relate to the pooling of interests with Mainline Industrial Distributors, Inc.
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            SCHEDULE VI
</TABLE>

                                                                22
<PAGE>   24
<TABLE>
                                                   BEARINGS, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
                                                   -----------------------------

                                                 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------          
<CAPTION>                                  
                       COLUMN A                  COLUMN B         COLUMN C          COLUMN D       COLUMN E
                       --------                  --------         --------          --------       --------
                                                                  ADDITIONS                     
                                                BALANCE AT       CHARGED TO        DEDUCTIONS     BALANCE OF
                                                 BEGINNING       COSTS AND            FROM          END OF
                      DESCRIPTION                OF PERIOD        EXPENSES          RESERVE         PERIOD
                      -----------                ---------        --------         ---------      ----------            
 <S>                                              <C>              <C>             <C>            <C>
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994:                                                                      
 Reserve deducted from asset to                                                                 
 which it applies - allowance for                                                               
 doubtful accounts                                $2,000           $1,418          $1,518 (A)       $1,900
                                                                                                
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1993:                                                                      
 Reserve deducted from asset to                                                                 
 which it applies - allowance for                                                               
 doubtful accounts                                $3,000           $2,190          $3,190 (A)       $2,000
                                                                                                
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1992:                                                                      
 Reserve deducted from asset to                                                                 
 which it applies - allowance for                                                               
 doubtful accounts                                $2,100           $2,496          $1,596 (A)       $3,000
                                                                                                
<FN>                                                                                            
(A)  Amounts represent uncollectible accounts charged off.                    
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------          
                                                           SCHEDULE VIII
</TABLE>
                                                                23
<PAGE>   25
<TABLE>
                                                   BEARINGS, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
                                                   -----------------------------

                                                       SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                                         FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994, 1993 AND 1992
                                                          (IN THOUSANDS)
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                COLUMN A            COLUMN B      COLUMN C        COLUMN D       COLUMN E      COLUMN F
                --------            --------      --------        --------       --------      --------
                                                                   MAXIMUM       AVERAGE       WEIGHTED
               CATEGORY OF                        WEIGHTED         AMOUNT        AMOUNT        AVERAGE
                AGGREGATE           BALANCE        AVERAGE       OUTSTANDING   OUTSTANDING   INTEREST RATE
               SHORT-TERM          AT END OF      INTEREST       DURING THE    DURING THE     DURING THE
               BORROWINGS           PERIOD          RATE           PERIOD      PERIOD (A)      PERIOD (A)
               -----------        ----------      ---------     ------------  -------------    ---------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994:                                                                   
  Notes payable                                                                             
  to banks                          $ 19,805        5.28%         $ 38,415       $ 23,004        3.98%
                                                                                            
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1993:                                                                   
  Notes payable                                                                             
  to banks                          $ 22,678        3.90%         $115,395       $ 62,794        3.98%
                                                                                            
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1992:                                                                   
  Notes payable                                                                             
  to banks                          $110,000        4.50%         $132,037       $117,612        5.60%
<FN>                                                                                              
      NOTE:      Notes payable to banks represent unsecured borrowings under line of credit arrangements, which the Company 
                 renews annually.  The notes bear interest at various interest rate options not in excess of the banks' prime 
                 rate at interest determination dates.

       (A)       Average amounts outstanding and weighted average interest rates during the periods were computed based upon daily 
                 balances outstanding.
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            SCHEDULE IX
</TABLE>
                                                                24
<PAGE>   26
<TABLE>
                                                            SIGNATURES

                          Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant 
                 has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                          BEARINGS, INC.
                 <S>                                      <C>                                
                                                                                             
                 /s/ John C. Dannemiller                  /s/ John C. Robinson               
                 ------------------------------           --------------------------------                      
                 John C. Dannemiller, Chairman            John C. Robinson, President        
                 & Chief Executive Officer                & Chief Operating Officer          
                                                                                             
                                                                                             
                 /s/ John R. Whitten                      /s/ Mark O. Eisele                 
                 ------------------------------           --------------------------------        
                 John R. Whitten                          Mark O. Eisele                     
                 Vice President-Finance                   Controller                         
                 & Treasurer                              (Principal Accounting              
                 (Principal Financial Officer)            Officer)                           
                                                                                             
                 Date:  September 26, 1994      

                          Pursuant to the requirements of the Security Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below
                 by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.
                                                                                               
                 /s/ William G. Bares                     /s/ William E. Butler                
                 ------------------------------           --------------------------------                                    
                 William G. Bares, Director               William E. Butler, Director          
                                                                                               
                                                                                               
                 /s/ John C. Dannemiller                  /s/ Russel B. Every                  
                 ------------------------------           --------------------------------            
                 John C. Dannemiller                      Russel B. Every, Director            
                 Chairman, Chief Executive                                                     
                 Officer and Director                                                          
                                                                                               
                                                                                               
                 /s/ Russell R. Gifford                   /s/ L. Thomas Hiltz                  
                 ------------------------------           -------------------------------      
                 Russell R. Gifford, Director             L. Thomas Hiltz, Director            
                                                                                               
                                                                                               
                 /s/ John J. Kahl                         /s/ George L. LaMore                 
                 ------------------------------           -------------------------------      
                 John J. Kahl, Director                   George L. LaMore, Director           
                                                                                               
                                                                                               
                 /s/ John C. Robinson                     /s/ Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton           
                 ------------------------------           -------------------------------      
                 John C. Robinson, President,             Dr. Jerry Sue Thornton, Director     
                 Chief Operating Officer and                                                   
                 Director                                                                      
                                                                                               
                 ______________________________                                                
                 William G. Bares, as attorney   
                 in fact for persons indicated by "*"

                 Date:  September 26, 1994
</TABLE>

<PAGE>   27

                                 BEARINGS, INC.

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX
                 TO FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994


Exhibit
  No.       Description                                Reference
- - --------    -----------                                ---------

3(a)        Amended and Restated Articles of
            Incorporation of Bearings, Inc., an
            Ohio corporation, filed with the Ohio
            Secretary of State on October 18, 1988.     Note (a)

3(b)        Code of Regulations of Bearings, Inc.,
            an Ohio corporation, adopted
            September 6, 1988.                          Note (a)

3(c)        Certificate of Amendment of Amended and
            Restated Articles of Incorporation of
            Bearings, Inc., an Ohio corporation,
            filed with the Ohio Secretary of State
            on October 27, 1988.                        Note (b)

3(d)        Certificate of Amendment of Amended and
            Restated Articles of Incorporation of
            Bearings, Inc., filed with the Ohio
            Secretary of State on October 17, 1990.     Note (c)

4(a)        Certificate of Merger of Bearings, Inc.
            (Ohio) and Bearings, Inc. (Delaware)
            filed with the Ohio Secretary of State
            on October 18, 1988.                        Note (d)

4(b)        $80,000,000 Maximum Aggregate Principal
            Amount Note Purchase and Private Shelf
            Facility dated October 31, 1992 between
            Bearings, Inc. and The Prudential
            Insurance Company of America.               Note (e)

10(a)       Form of Executive Severance Agreement
            between the Company and 7 executive
            officers.                                   Note (d)

            Schedule pursuant to Instruction 2 of
            Item 601(a) of Regulation S-K identifying
            the officers and setting forth material
            details in which the agreements differ
            from the form of agreement filed.           Attached

10(b)       Form of amendment amending the Executive
            Severance Agreements referenced in
            Exhibit 10(a) hereto.                       Note (f)
<PAGE>   28
10(c)       A written description of the Directors'
            compensation program.                       Note (g)

10(d)       Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-
            employee Directors.                         Note (h)

10(e)       First Amendment to Deferred Compensation
            Plan for Non-employee Directors effective
            July 1, 1993.                               Note (i)

10(f)       A written description of the Company's
            Non-Contributory Life and Accidental 
            Death and Dismemberment Insurance for 
            executive officers.                         Attached

10(g)       A written description of the Company's
            Long-Term Disability Insurance for
            executive officers.                         Attached

10(h)       Form of Director and Officer Indemnifi-
            cation Agreement entered into between
            the Company and its directors and
            executive officers.                         Note (j)

            Schedule pursuant to Instruction 2 of
            Item 601(a) of Regulation S-K identifying
            the directors and executive officers
            executing such agreements.                  Attached

10(i)       Bearings, Inc. Supplemental Executive
            Retirement Benefits Plan (July 1, 1993
            Restatement) presently covering 7
            executive officers of Bearings, Inc.        Note (i)

10(j)       First Amendment to Bearings, Inc.
            Supplemental Executive Retirement
            Benefits Plan (July 1, 1993 Restatement).   Note (k)

10(k)       Bearings, Inc. Deferred Compensation
            Plan.                                       Note (l)

10(l)       Stock Purchase Agreement between Bearings,
            Inc. and MLS Industries, Inc. dated
            June 12, 1990.                              Note (m)

10(m)       Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement
            and Related Guarantee and Agreement among
            Bearings, Inc., MLS Industries, Inc. and
            Emerson Electric Co., dated as of June 29,
            1990.                                       Note (m)

10(n)       Bearings, Inc. 1990 Long-Term Performance
            Plan adopted by Shareholders on
            October 16, 1990.                           Note (n)
<PAGE>   29
10(o)       A written description of the Company's
            Management Incentive Plan applicable to
            key executives of the Company, including
            the five most highly compensated executive
            officers.                                   Note (o)

10(p)       Consulting Agreement effective January 2,
            1992 between the Company and George L.
            LaMore, Director and former Chairman &
            Chief Executive Officer of the Company.     Note (h)

11          Computation of Net Income Per Share.        Attached

13          Bearings, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to
            shareholders.                               Attached

21          Subsidiaries of Bearings, Inc.--This
            information is set forth at "Item 1.
            Business" on page 2 of this Report.

23          Independent Auditors' Consent.              Attached

27          Financial Data Schedule.                    Attached


Notes:   (a)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K
               dated October 21, 1988, SEC File No.   1-2299.

         (b)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-Q
               for the quarter ended September 30, 1988, SEC File No. 1-2299.

         (c)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-Q 
               for the quarter ended September 30, 1990, SEC File No. 1-2299.

         (d)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-K 
               for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1989, SEC File No. 1-2299.

         (e)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-Q 
               for the quarter ended September 30, 1992, SEC File No. 1-2299.

         (f)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-Q 
               for the quarter ended December 31, 1990, SEC File No. 1-2299.
<PAGE>   30
   (g)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Proxy Statement dated
         September 16, 1994, SEC File No. 1-2299, on pages 14 and 15 under
         the caption "Compensation of Directors".

   (h)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for
         the quarter ended December 31, 1991, SEC File No. 1-2299.

   (i)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-K for
         the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, SEC File No. 1-2299.

   (j)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Proxy Statement dated
         September 17, 1992, SEC File No. 1-2299, at Appendix A.

   (k)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for
         the quarter ended December 31, 1993, SEC File No. 1-2299.

   (l)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Proxy  Statement dated
         September 16, 1993, SEC File No. 1-2299, at Exhibit A.

   (m)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 8-K dated
         July 12, 1990, SEC File No. 1-2299.

   (n)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Report on Form 10-K for
         the fiscal year ended June 30, 1991, SEC File No. 1-2299.

   (o)   Incorporated by reference from the Company's Proxy Statement dated
         September 16, 1994, SEC File No. 1-2299, on pages 11 and 12 in the
         Report of the Executive Organization & Compensation Committee of the
         Board of Directors on Executive Compensation, under the subcaption
         "Management Incentive Plan".
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.A
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.A
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                              EXHIBIT 10(a)


                       BEARINGS, INC. FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL
                             YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994


                                    SCHEDULE

      The Executive Severance Agreements ("Agreements") presently in effect for
seven (7) executive officers are substantially identical in all material
respects.  This revised schedule is included pursuant to Instruction 2 of Item
601(a) of Regulation S-K for the purpose of setting forth the material details
in which the specific Agreements differ from the form of Agreement filed as
Exhibit 10(b) to the Bearings, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
30, 1989:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          "Base Compensation"
                                          Multiple Pursuant
Name               Title                  to Paragraph 3(b)  
- - ----               -----                  -------------------
<S>                <C>                    <C>
J. C. Dannemiller  Chairman & Chief       Three (3)
                   Executive Officer

J. C. Robinson     President & Chief      Three (3)
                   Operating Officer

F. A. Martins      Vice President-        Two (2)
                   Marketing

F. L. Mohr         Vice President-        Two (2)
                   Sales & Marketing

R. C. Shaw         Vice President-        One and one-half
                   Communications &       (1.5)
                   Public Relations

R. C. Stinson      Vice President-        One and one-half
                   General Counsel        (1.5)
                   & Secretary

J. R. Whitten      Vice President-        One and one-half
                   Finance & Treasurer    (1.5)
</TABLE>


   The continuation of employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements set
forth in Paragraph 4 is three (3) years for Messrs. Dannemiller and Robinson,
and two (2) years for all other executive officers.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.F
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.F
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                EXHIBIT 10(f)


                                 BEARINGS, INC.
                 FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

                       NON-CONTRIBUTORY LIFE & ACCIDENTAL
                        DEATH & DISMEMBERMENT INSURANCE


   The Company maintains ongoing Non-Contributory Life & Accidental Death &
Dismemberment Insurance for its executive officers, which provides benefits
equal to two and one-half (2-1/2) times annual compensation, but in no event
more than $250,000.  The Company also provides its executive officers with
travel and accident insurance in the amount of $500,000.  All such insurance
has certain reductions after age 65.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.G
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.G
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(g)


                          BEARINGS, INC. FORM 10-K for
                        FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994


                         LONG-TERM DISABILITY INSURANCE


   The Company's long-term disability insurance plan provides for long-term
disability coverage to all employees of the Company who become eligible after a
one-year waiting period based on plan requirements.  Under the plan, eligible
employees who become totally disabled as defined in the plan would receive 60%
of monthly earnings, subject to a maximum schedule amount of $5,000 per month
without evidence of insurability.  The Corporation's executive officers,
including its five most highly compensated officers, are covered under the
plan, subject to a maximum schedule amount of $18,000 per month, with evidence
of insurability required for amounts in excess of $15,000 per month.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.H
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.H
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(h)


                          BEARINGS, INC. FORM 10-K FOR
                        FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994


                                    SCHEDULE
                           PURSUANT TO INSTRUCTION 2
                         ITEM 601(a) OF REGULATION S-K


The Director and Officer Indemnification Agreements presently in effect for the
Company's directors and executive officers are identical in all material
respects.  The Directors having executed such form of Agreement are:

   W. G. Bares
   W. E. Butler
   J. C. Dannemiller
   R. B. Every
   R. R. Gifford
   L. T. Hiltz
   J. J. Kahl
   G. L. LaMore
   J. C. Robinson
   J. S. Thornton

The Officers having executed such form of Agreement are (in addition to Messrs.
Dannemiller and Robinson):

<TABLE>
   <S>            <C>
   F. A. Martins  -  Vice President-Marketing
   F. L. Mohr     -  Vice President-Sales & Marketing
   R. C. Shaw     -  Vice President-Communications &
                            Public Relations
   R. C. Stinson  -  Vice President-General Counsel &
                            Secretary
   J. R. Whitten  -  Vice President-Finance & Treasurer
   M. O. Eisele   -  Controller

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
<TABLE>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 11

                        BEARINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   Computation of Net Income (Loss) Per Share
                                 (in thousands)


<CAPTION>
                                                                                Year Ended June 30,

                                                              1994                     1993                     1992
                                                              ----                     ----                     ----
 <S>                                                         <C>                      <C>                      <C>
 Average Shares Outstanding
 --------------------------
 1.       Average common shares outstanding                   7,546                   7,238                    7,081

 2.       Net additional shares outstanding
          assuming stock options exercised and
          proceeds used to purchase treasury
          stock                                                 154                      60                       68
                                                            -------                  ------                   ------
 3.       Adjusted average common shares
          outstanding for fully diluted
          computation                                         7,700                   7,298                    7,149
                                                            =======                  ======                   ======
 Net Income (Loss)
 -----------------
 4.       Net income (loss) as reported in
          statements of consolidated income                 $12,687                  $8,927                  ($1,666)
                                                            =======                  ======                   ====== 

 Net Income (Loss) Per Share
 ---------------------------
 5.       Net income (loss) per average common
          share outstanding (4/1)                           $  1.68                  $ 1.23                   ($0.24)
                                                            =======                  ======                   ====== 
 6.       Net income (loss) per common share on a
          fully dilutive basis (4/3)                        $  1.65 (A)              $ 1.22 (A)               ($0.23) (B)
                                                            =======                  ======                   ======     

<FN>
(A)      Amount is not presented in the statements as the dilutive effect is less than 3%.

(B)      Amount is not presented in the statements as the effect is antidilutive.
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                                                EXHIBIT 13
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

                                                Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994 VS 1993
Sales in 1994 increased 13% to a record $936.3 million from 1993 sales of
$831.4 million.  The increase in sales was principally due to volume increases
and the acquisition of Mainline Industrial Distributors, Inc. (Mainline). 
Further, net income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 improved 42% over
the prior year.
        Gross margin (net sales less cost of sales) as a percent of sales was
26.9% in 1994 and 26.2% in 1993.  The gross margin percentage improved in
fiscal 1994 due to more focused purchasing strategies and favorable LIFO cost
adjustments.  During 1994, the Company liquidated LIFO inventory quantities
carried at lower costs prevailing in prior years.  The effect of the liquidation
included the effect of a change in the application of the LIFO method of
calculating inventory.  This new method determines the Company's LIFO inventory
pools by class of product rather than the operating company. (See Note 3 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements).
        Selling, distribution and administrative expenses as a percent of sales
were 23.9% in 1994 and 23.8% in 1993.  During fiscal 1994, the Company incurred
increased expenses due to a new sales commission program for account
representatives and a new incentive program for sales management, increased
advertising costs due to additional marketing programs, costs associated with
the acquisition of Mainline and the accelerated vesting of performance
accelerated restricted stock (PARS) based upon the price performance of the
Company's common stock during the year.
        The number of associates rose to 4,066 at June 30, 1994 from 3,986 at
June 30, 1993.
        Interest expense for 1994 increased by 15% as a result of the issuance
of $80 million of long-term debt in December of 1992 and repayment of
previously existing short-term debt.  As long-term interest rates are higher
than short-term interest rates, interest expense has increased.  The increased
expense was partially offset by net interest earned under interest rate swap
agreements and lower average borrowings during the year.
        Income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was
41.4% in 1994.  The effective tax rate was greater than the federal statutory
rate primarily due to state and local income taxes and non-deductible expenses.

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1993 VS 1992
Results for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993 were significantly improved
over the prior year.  The Company returned to profitability after reporting a
loss in the previous year which included a restructuring charge of $7.8
million. (See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
        Sales in 1993 of $831.4 million increased 1.7% from 1992 levels
primarily due to price increases.  Gross margin (net sales less cost of sales)
as a percent of sales was 26.2% in 1993 and 25.7% in 1992.  The gross margin
percentage in fiscal 1993 was higher due to favorable LIFO cost adjustments
resulting from lower inventory levels and a strengthening of selling prices
coupled with minimal increases in costs.  (See Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).
        Selling, distribution and administrative expenses as a percent of sales
were 23.8% in 1993 and 24.2% in 1992.  During fiscal 1993, the Company incurred
increased expenses for incentive programs due to improved performance and for
associate training.  Salaries and other compensation expense decreased as a
result of a reduction in the number of associates to 3,986 at June 30, 1993
from 4,050 at June 30, 1992.  Also, during 1993 consulting fees decreased due
to completion of data processing enhancements and health care expenses declined
due to lower claims and implementation of new managed health care programs.
        Interest expense for 1993 decreased by 21% due to lower short-term
interest rates, lower average indebtedness, and favorable interest rate swap
agreements.  These were offset in part by higher fixed interest costs incurred

- - --------------------------------------10---------------------------------------
<PAGE>   2
                                                Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

from borrowings under Senior Unsecured Term Notes.
        Incomes tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was
41.9% in 1993.  The effective tax rate was greater than the federal statutory
rate primarily due to state and local income taxes and non-deductible expenses.

LIQUIDITY AND WORKING CAPITAL
The Company continued to provide significant amounts of cash by generating
$30.5 million and $18.9 million from operating activities in 1994 and 1993,
respectively.
        Cash flow from operations depends primarily upon generating operating
income and controlling the investment in inventory and receivables.  The
Company's growth in accounts receivable and inventory in 1994 was necessary to
service the increased sales volume.  Further, in 1994 the Company had a
substantial increase in net income.
        Investments in property totaled $16.6 million and $13.6 million in 1994
and 1993, respectively.  These capital expenditures were primarily made for
upgrading branch facilities, acquisition of data processing equipment, vehicles
and real estate.
        Working capital at June 30, 1994, was $144.6 million compared to $130.9
million at June 30, 1993.  The current ratio was 2.4 at June 30, 1994 and 1993.

CAPITAL RESOURCES
Capital resources are obtained from income retained in the business,
indebtedness under the Company's lines of credit and long-term debt and, to a
lesser extent, from operating lease arrangements.  Average combined short-term
and long-term borrowing was $103.0 million in 1994 and $107.7 million in 1993. 
Effective interest rates on short-term borrowings were 4.0% in both 1994 and
1993.  The Company has short-term lines of credit totaling $95 million.  The
Company had $19.8 million of borrowings under these short-term lines of credit
at June 30, 1994.
        The Company is obligated for rental payments for operating leases on
165 of its 352 branch, distribution center and other operating locations.  See
Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for annual rental commmitments.
        As of June 30, 1994, the Company has Board authorization to acquire up
to 263,000 shares of its common stock in open market or negotiated transactions
depending on market conditions.
        Management expects that capital resources provided from operations,
available lines of credit, and long-term debt will be sufficient to finance
normal working capital needs, capital expenditure programs, and the purchase of
additional Bearings, Inc. common stock.  Management also believes that
additional long-term debt and line of credit financing could be obtained if
desired.

OTHER MATTERS
The 1990 agreement for the acquisition of King Bearing included specific
indemnification of Bearings, Inc. and King for any financial damages or losses
related to a lawsuit pending against King in the Superior Court of Orange
County, California.  The indemnification was also guaranteed by the ultimate
parent of King's former owner, a Fortune 100 company with stockholders' equity
exceeding three billion dollars at June 30, 1994.  A $32.4 million judgement
relating to this lawsuit was rendered against King in June 1992.  As further
explained in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, management
believes that the outcome of this matter will not have a material adverse
effect on the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the
Company due to the indemnification and guarantee.

- - -------------------------------------11----------------------------------------
<PAGE>   3
<TABLE>
STATEMENTS OF

CONSOLIDATED INCOME
(Thousands, except per share amounts)                                           Bearings, Inc and Subsidiaries
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Year Ended June 30
                                                                      ----------------------------------------
                                                                        1994            1993            1992
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>             <C>
NET SALES                                                             $936,254        $831,432        $817,813
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
COST AND EXPENSES 
     Cost of Sales                                                     684,213         613,246         607,443
     Selling, Distribution and administrative                          224,224         197,665         197,835
     Restructuring charge                                                                                7,832
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
                                                                       908,437         810,911         813,110
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
OPERATING INCOME                                                        27,817          20,521           4,703                  
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
INTEREST EXPENSE                                                         6,385           5,546           6,985
INTEREST INCOME                                                           (225)           (382)           (407)
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
                                                                         6,160           5,164           6,578
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES                                       21,657          15,357          (1,875)
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT)
     Federal                                                             7,172           5,365            (178)
     State and Local                                                     1,798           1,065             (31)
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
                                                                         8,970           6,430            (209)
                                                                      --------        --------        --------
NET INCOME (LOSS)                                                     $ 12,687        $  8,927        $ (1,666)
                                                                      ========        ========        ========
NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE                                           $   1.68        $   1.23        $   (.24)
                                                                      ========        ========        ========


See notes to consolidated Financial Statements.


</TABLE>

                                      12
<PAGE>   4
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED

BALANCE SHEETS
<CAPTION>

(Amounts in thousands)                                                                              Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                                                                                                    June 30
                                                                              ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  1994                                   1993
                                                                              ------------                          -------------
<S>                                                                         <C>                                   <C>
ASSETS
  Current assets
        Cash and temporary investments                                       $    10,935                            $      4,634
        Accounts receivable, less allowance of
                $1,900 and $2,000                                                129,798                                 112,971
        Inventories                                                              106,233                                  95,015
        Other current assets                                                       2,278                                   8,613
                                                                              ----------                            ------------
  Total current assets                                                           249,244                                 221,233
                                                                              ----------                            ------------
  Property - at cost
        Land                                                                      11,642                                  11,265
        Buildings                                                                 54,889                                  52,001
        Equipment                                                                 66,906                                  66,479
                                                                              ----------                            ------------
                                                                                 133,437                                 129,745
        Less accumulated depreciation                                             53,318                                  49,695
                                                                              ----------                            ------------

  Property - net                                                                  80,119                                  80,050
                                                                              ----------                            ------------

  Other assets                                                                    14,156                                  14,652
                                                                              ----------                           -------------
        TOTAL ASSETS                                                         $   343,519                           $     315,935
                                                                             ===========                           =============
LIABILITIES
  Current Liabilities                                                   
        Notes payable                                                        $    19,805                           $      22,678
        Accounts payable                                                          50,937                                  37,678
        Compensation and related benefits                                         21,508                                  18,770
        Other accrued liabilities                                                 12,389                                  11,247
                                                                             -----------                           -------------
  Total current liabilities                                                      104,639                                  90,373
  Long-term debt                                                                  80,000                                  80,000
  Deferred income taxes                                                            3,370                                   5,706
  Other liabilities                                                                5,019                                   4,916
                                                                            ------------                          --------------
        TOTAL LIABILITES                                                         193,028                                 180,995
                                                                            ------------                          --------------
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Preferred stock - no par value; 2,500
        shares authorized; none issued or
        outstanding
  Common stock - no par value; 30,000 shares
        authorized; 9,303 shares issued                                           10,000                                  10,000
  Additional paid-in capital                                                       6,962                                   6,710
  Income retained for use
        in the business                                                          165,807                                 155,908
  Less 1,757 and 1,984 treasury shares -
        at cost                                                                  (32,278)                                (35,489)
  Less unearned restricted common stock
        compensation                                                                                                      (2,189)
                                                                            ------------                            ------------
        TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                               150,491                                 134,940
                                                                            ------------                            ------------
        TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                          $    343,519                            $    315,935
                                                                            ============                            ============
</TABLE>
See notes to consolidated financial statements.


                                      13






<PAGE>   5

<TABLE>
STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED

CASH FLOWS

<CAPTION>
(Amounts in thousands)                                                                          Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                                                                                     Year Ended June 30
                                                                   -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     1994                    1993                   1992
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
<S>                                                               <C>                    <C>                    <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income (loss)                                                $ 12,687                $  8,927               $ (1,666)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net 
    cash provided by operating activities:
      Depreciation                                                   13,586                  12,766                 12,586
      Deferred income taxes                                           2,448                   3,507                 (1,504)
      Provision for losses on accounts receivable                     1,418                   2,190                  2,496
      (Gain)/loss on sale of property                                  (775)                    225                    688
      Amortization of restricted common stock 
        compensation and goodwill                                     2,779                     580                    267
      Treasury shares contributed to employee benefit plans           1,510                     856                    733
      Changes in current assets and liabilities:
        Accounts receivable                                         (14,344)                 (5,207)                (8,270)
        Inventories                                                  (2,042)                  6,676                  9,488
        Other current assets                                            885                   1,049                    609
        Accounts payable and accrued expenses                         9,810                 (14,273)                15,573
        Other-net                                                     2,547                   1,611                    269
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES                            30,509                  18,907                 31,269
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                                                          
  Property purchases                                                (16,585)                (13,600)               (20,444)
  Proceeds from property sales                                        4,901                   3,160                  2,680
  Other                                                                (519)                 (1,170)                (3,998)
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                               (12,203)                (11,610)               (21,762)
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Borrowings (repayments) under:
    Line-of-credit agreements:
      Maturities three months or less-net                            (5,321)                (87,322)                22,884
      Maturities greater than three months:
        Borrowings                                                                           60,000                125,000
        Repayments                                                                          (60,000)              (152,000)
    Long-term debt                                                                           80,000
  Dividends paid                                                     (4,739)                 (4,640)                (4,533)
  Purchase of treasury shares                                        (1,945)
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                               (12,005)                (11,962)                (8,649)
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
Increase (decrease) in cash and temporary investments                 6,301                  (4,665)                   858
Cash and temporary investments at beginning of year                   4,634                   9,299                  8,441
                                                                   --------                --------               --------
CASH AND TEMPORARY INVESTMENTS AT END OF YEAR                      $ 10,935                $  4,634               $  9,299
                                                                   ========                ========               ========
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash paid during the year for:
  Income taxes                                                     $  3,697                $  2,288               $    539
  Interest                                                         $  5,928                $  4,935               $  6,988
<FN>

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                      14




<PAGE>   6

<TABLE>

STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

<CAPTION>
For the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992

(Amounts in thousands)
                                 Shares of                                Income                         Unearned
                                  Common                 Additional      Retained       Treasury        Restricted      Total   
                                  Stock         Common    Paid-in       for Use in       Shares-       Common Stock   Shareholders'
                                Outstanding      Stock    Capital      the Business     at Cost        Compensation     Equity
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>        <C>           <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>
BALANCE AT JULY 1, 1991            7,057        $10,000    $6,483        $157,906       $(40,186)                       $134,203
   Net Loss                                                                (1,666)                                        (1,666)
   Cash dividends-
      $.64 per share                                                       (4,533)                                        (4,533)
   Treasury shares issued for:   
        401(k) Savings Plan
        contribution                  34                      124                          609                               733
      Exercise of stock options       13                       29                          241                               270
   Other                                                                     (177)                                          (177)
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1992           7,104         10,000     6,636         151,530      (39,336)                          128,830  
  Net income                                                                8,927                                          8,927
  Cash dividends-
     $.64 per share                                                        (4,640)                                        (4,640)
  Treasury shares issued for:       
        401(k) Savings Plan           
        contribution                  44                       86                          770                               856
     Exercise of stock options        30                      (19)                         543                               524
     Restricted common stock
        awards                       140                       (2)                       2,505           $(2,503)
     Other                             1                        9                           29                                38
   Amortization of restricted
     common stock compensation                                                                               314             314
   Other                                                                       91                                             91
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1993
   As previously reported          7,319         10,000     6,710         155,908      (35,489)           (2,189)        134,940
   Pooling of interests with
     Mainline Industrial
     Distributors                    196                   (1,353)          1,876        3,542                             4,065
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AS RESTATED                7,515         10,000     5,357         157,784      (31,947)            (2,189)       139,005
   Net income                                                              12,687                                         12,687
   Cash dividends-
     $.64 per share                                                        (4,739)                                        (4,739)
   Purchase of common 
     stock for treasury              (59)                                               (1,945)                           (1,945)
   Treasury shares issued for:
        401(k) Savings Plan
        contribution                  56                      503                        1,007                             1,510
        Exercise of stock options     13                       74                          237                               311
        Restricted common stock
           awards                     13                       53                          233               (286)
        Other                          8                       64                          137                               201
   Amortization of restricted
     common stock compensation                                911                                           2,475          3,386
   Other                                                                       75                                             75
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1994           7,546       $10,000     $6,962        $165,807     $(32,278)          $      0       $150,491
====================================================================================================================================
See notes to consolidated  financial statements.

</TABLE>
                                      15
                 
<PAGE>   7

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992
(Dollar amounts in thousands,
except per share amounts)               Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries

1. BUSINESS AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES
BUSINESS. The Company's principal business is the sale and distribution of
bearings, mechanical and electrical drive systems, industrial rubber products,
fluid power transmission components, and specialty maintenance and repair
products. The Company does not manufacture the products it sells.
CASH EQUIVALENTS. The Company considers all temporary investments with
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents for purposes of the
statements of consolidated cash flows.
CONSOLIDATION. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Bearings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Bruening Bearings, Inc., Dixie
Bearings, Incorporated, King Bearing, Inc. and for the year ended June 30,
1994, Mainline Industrial Distributors, Inc.  All significant intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.
GOODWILL is recorded for the purchase price of acquired operations in excess of
the fair value of identifiable net assets. Goodwill, net of accumulated
amortization, of $4,752 and $4,524 at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively, is
included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and is
being amortized on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from 15 to 20
years.
INVENTORIES are valued at the lower of cost or market, using the last-in,
first-out (LIFO) method.
DEPRECIATION of buildings and equipment is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
NET INCOME PER SHARE is computed using the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the period. Net income per share has not been adjusted
for the effect of stock options as the dilutive effect would be less than 3%
for each year.
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS PRESENTATION. The statement of consolidated cash flows
for the year ended June 30, 1994 is presented using the indirect method of
reporting cash flows from operating activities. The presentation of the
statements of consolidated cash flows for fiscal years 1993 and 1992 have been
changed to the indirect method to be consistent with fiscal 1994.
ACCOUNTING CHANGES. For the year ended June 30, 1994, the Company changed its
method of accounting for income taxes to conform with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 109 (see Note 5) and its application of the
LIFO method used to determine inventory amounts for financial reporting
purposes (see Note 3).

2. BUSINESS COMBINATION
On March 10, 1994, the Company exchanged 196,000 shares of Bearings, Inc.
common stock for Mainline Industrial Distributors, Inc., a high quality applied
technology distributor of drive systems, rubber products and bearings. The
business combination was accounted for as a pooling of interests. The Company's
1994 consolidated financial statements include Mainline's results of operations
for the entire fiscal year. The prior years' consolidated financial statements
have not been restated because the effects are not material.





                                       16
<PAGE>   8
<TABLE>
Net sales and net income for the separate companies prior to the acquisition
are as follows:

<CAPTION>
                            Nine Months Ended
                             March 31, 1994
                              (Unaudited)
                       --------------------------
                       Bearings          Mainline
                       --------          --------
<S>                   <C>               <C>
Net Sales              $663,841           $24,899
Net Income                7,369               229

</TABLE>
Acquisition costs of $700 were charged to expense in 1994 and included legal
and accounting fees, consulting fees and benefit-related costs.

3. INVENTORIES
For the year ended June 30, 1994, the Company changed its application of the
last-in, first-out (LIFO) method used to determine inventory amounts for
financial reporting purposes. This change revised the Company's LIFO pools to
establish Company-wide inventory pools for each of the major classes of
products. Previously, the LIFO inventory pools were established by legal
entity, rather than by class of product.  Management believes that using
inventory pools grouped by product is more consistent with how the Company
currently manages its operations and will more accurately measure the effects
of changes in inventory levels and costs.
          The cumulative effect on previous years from this change in LIFO
pools is not determinable. This change in LIFO pools reduced cost of sales and
increased net income and net income per share by $3,344, $1,894, and $.25,
respectively, for the year ended June 30, 1994. These effects are incorporated
in the LIFO liquidation effects discussed below. 
CURRENT COST. At the end of the last two fiscal years, the current cost
of inventories exceeded the LIFO cost as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          June 30,
                               ------------------------------
                                 1994                   1993
                                 ----                   ----
<S>                            <C>                    <C>
LIFO cost                      $106,233               $ 95,015
Excess of current cost over
  LIFO cost                      86,429                 96,718
                               --------               --------
Current cost                   $192,662               $191,733
                               ========               ========

</TABLE>
LIFO LIQUIDATION. During the years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993, the Company
liquidated LIFO inventory quantities carried at lower costs prevailing in prior
years. The effect of these liquidations, including the effect of the accounting
change discussed above, reduced cost of sales and increased net income and net
income per share by $6,784, $3,841, and $.51 per share, respectively, during
1994 and $4,714, $2,749 and $.38 per share, respectively, during 1993. The
effects of LIFO liquidations during 1992 were not material.

4. NOTES PAYABLE AND LONG-TERM DEBT
NOTES PAYABLE. The Company has $95,000 of short-term lines of credit which
provide for payment of interest at various interest rate options, none of which
are in excess of the banks' prime rate at interest determination dates.
Borrowings under these lines of credit totaled $19,805 at June 30, 1994. The
remaining unused lines available for short-term borrowings at June 30, 1994
were $75,195.





                                       17
<PAGE>   9
LONG-TERM DEBT. The Company has $80,000 of long-term Senior Unsecured Term
Notes at a fixed interest rate of 7.82%. Interst is payable quarterly. The
principal amount is to be paid in fourteen equal semi-annual installments
beginning in June 1996. These notes contain certain restrictive covenants
regarding liquidity, tangible net worth, financial ratios and other covenants.
At June 30, 1994, the most restrictive of these covenants required that the
Company maintain a minimum tangible net worth of $104,646. Based upon current
market rates for debt of similar maturities, the Company estimates that the
fair value of its long-term debt is less than its carrying value at June 30,
1994 by $1,100.
          During 1994, the Company received net proceeds from termination of
its three year interest rate swap agreements previously held. The Company also
entered into a new two year interest rate swap agreement with a major bank that
effectively converts $40,000 of its fixed rate borrowings into variable rate
obligations. Under this agreement the Company makes payments at variable rates
based on LIBOR, as determined at quarterly intervals, and receives payments at
fixed interest rates. Net interest earned under these agreements reduced
interest expense. The interest rate swap agreement has no carrying value. The
Company's estimated cost to terminate the agreement as of June 30, 1994 was
$300.

5. INCOME TAXES
For the year ended June 30, 1994, the Company changed its method of accounting
for income taxes from the deferred method used in prior years to the liability
method, as required by SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." As
permitted by SFAS No. 109, the Company has elected not to restate the financial
statements of any prior year. There was no significant cumulative effect on the
Statements of Consolidated Income for adopting SFAS No. 109.

<TABLE>
PROVISION. The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of:

<CAPTION>
                                LIABILITY METHOD    Deferred Method    Deferred Method
          Year ended June 30          1994               1993               1992
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                             <C>                   <C>               <C>
Current                              $6,522             $2,923            $ 1,295
Deferred                              2,448              3,507             (1,504)
                                     ------             ------             ------
Total                                $8,970             $6,430             $ (209)
                                     ======             ======             ======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Prior to the change in accounting methods, the net tax effects giving rise to
deferred amounts were:

<CAPTION>
                                                       Year Ended June 30,
                                                 1993                       1992
                                               -----------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>                       <C>
Accrued restructuring charge                    $1,238                    $(1,159)
Accrued vacation                                  (146)                        44
Inventory obsolescence                           1,448                       (859)
Depreciation                                       144                        222
Allowance for doubtful accounts                    343                       (304)
Other                                              480                        552
                                                ------                    -------
Total                                           $3,507                    $(1,504)
                                                ======                    =======
                                          
                                          
                                          

</TABLE>

                                       18
<PAGE>   10
EFFECTIVE TAX RATES. A reconciliation between the federal statutory income tax
rate (benefit) and the Company's effective tax rate is:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                LIABILITY METHOD     Deferred Method     Deferred Method
   Years ended  June 30               1994                1993               1992
                                ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>                  <C>              <C>
Statutory tax rate                   35.0%                34.0%            (34.0)%
Effects of:     
   State and local income taxes       5.4                  4.6              (1.1)
   Non-deductible expenses            1.8                  2.1              18.2
   Alternative minimum tax                                 0.4               5.6
   Other, net                        (0.8)                 0.8               0.2
                                     -----               -----             -----
Effective tax rate                   41.4%                41.9%            (11.1)%
                                     =====               =====             =====

</TABLE>

BALANCE SHEET. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The
significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of
June 30, 1994 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        June 30, 1994
                                                        -------------
<S>                                                     <C>
Depreciation and differences in property bases            $(5,443)
Inventory                                                  (8,394)
Compensation liabilities not currently deductible           3,791
Reserves not currently deductible                           1,968
Goodwill                                                    1,389
Tax loss/credit carryforwards                                 393
Other                                                         686
Valuation allowance                                          (211)
                                                          -------
Net deferred tax liability                                $(5,821)
                                                          =======

</TABLE>

   Net deferred tax liabilities associated with current items of $2,451 at 
June 30, 1994 are included in other accrued liabilities in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.
   The valuation allowance was established due to the Company's estimation that 
certain state income tax loss carryforwards may expire unused.

6. STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS
The Company may grant stock options under the 1990 Long-Term Performance Plan
(the "1990 Plan"). Outstanding options issued under the Company's 1982 Stock
Option Plan continue to be exercisable until expiration. Options become
exercisable at times determined by the Executive Organization and Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") at the date of grant.
Options may include stock appreciation rights that entitle the holder to
receive shares of stock or cash, at the discretion of the Committee, equal to
the difference between the value of the shares covered by the option on the
date of exercise less the option price for such shares. The 1990 Plan also
provides for granting of stock awards, cash awards, and such




                                      19
 


<PAGE>   11


other awards or combination thereof as the Committee may determine. The number
of shares of Common Stock which may be awarded in each fiscal year under the
1990 Plan is two percent (2%) of the total number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding on the first day of each year for which the plan is in effect.
Common Stock available for distribution under the 1990 Plan, but not
distributed, may be carried over to the following year.

    During fiscal 1994 accelerated vesting occurred for all 153,000 shares of
Performance Accelerated Restricted Stock (PARS) awarded to officers and other
key associates during fiscal 1994 and 1993 under the 1990 Plan. Pursuant  to
the PARS agreements, recipients were entitled to receive dividends and have
voting rights on their respective shares prior to vesting. The PARS vested
either after a period of six years or earlier upon achievement of certain
return on asset objectives or minimum stock price levels. The aggregate fair
market value of the restricted stock was considered unearned compensation at
the time of grant. Unearned common stock compensation reduced consolidated
shareholders' equity and was amortized over the vesting period or upon
acceleration of vesting. With the accelerated vesting of all outstanding PARS
during 1994, all remaining unearned compensation was recorded as an expense.
The expense recorded in 1994 exceeded by $2,010 the annual expense which would
have been recorded on the basis of six-year amortization.   

    The following is a summary of transactions with respect to the stock
incentive plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   Number of Shares
                                                                  -------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                      Available for
                                        Option Price Per Share      Outstanding      Exercisable      Future Grants
                                        ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>                         <C>                <C>               <C>
Balance at July 1, 1991                                               482,662          189,082           189,305
Additional available from 1990 Plan                                                                      141,132
Became exercisable                                                                     112,332
Canceled upon exercise                     $14.19-$16.89              (75,946)         (75,946)
Granted                                        $20.56                 141,700                           (141,700)
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1992                                              548,416          225,468           188,737
Additional available from 1990 Plan                                                                      142,082
Became exercisable                                                                     130,030
Canceled upon exercise                     $14.19-$20.56              (40,828)         (40,828)                   
Expired/canceled                           $20.56-$30.00              (25,634)         (24,250)         (188,645)       
PARS common stock awards                                                                                (140,000)
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1993                                              481,954          290,420             2,174
Additional available from 1990 Plan                                                                      146,382
Became exercisable                                                                     115,050
Cancelled upon exercise                    $14.19-$30.00              (98,795)         (98,795)
Expired/canceled                           $14.19-$30.00              (20,325)         (16,475)
Granted                                    $21.94-$32.31              119,450                           (119,450)
PARS common stock awards                                                                                 (13,000)
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1994                                              482,284          290,200            16,106
                                                                      =======          =======            ======

</TABLE>

At June 30, 1994 option prices related to the balance outstanding ranged from 
$14.19 to $32.31 per share.   

                                      20

<PAGE>   12

7. BENEFIT PLANS

QUALIFIED RETIREMENT PLANS.  Substantially all associates of the Company are
covered by the following defined contribution retirement plans.  The Company
makes a discretionary contribution to the Employees' Profit-Sharing Trust
generally based upon a percentage of the Company's income before income taxes
and before the amount of the contribution.  The 401(k) Savings Plan allows
participants to contribute up to ten percent of their compensation.
The Company partially matches the participants' contributions.  The matching
contribution is made with the Company's Common Stock and is determined
quarterly using rates based on the Company achieving certain quarterly net
income amounts.

        The Company's expense for contributions to the above plans was $2,602,
$1,496 and $678 for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively.

RETIREE MEDICAL BENEFITS.  The Company provides health care benefits to
eligible retired associates who elect to pay the Company a specified monthly
premium.  Premium payments are based upon current insurance rates for the type
of coverage provided and are adjusted annually.  Certain monthly health care
premium payments are partially subsidized by the Company.

        In fiscal 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 106,
"Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," which
requires accrual of such post-retirement benefits over the years the associate
provides services and becomes eligible to receive benefits upon retirement.  In
1993 the Company accrued an expense of $588 (which, net of income taxes,
reduced net income by $352, or $.05 per share) for the accumulated
post-retirement benefit obligation.  At June 30, 1994 the accumulated
post-retirement benefit obligation was $630.  The costs recognized for
post-retirement benefits under SFAS No. 106 for fiscal 1994 and 1993, and
under the previous pay-as-you-go accounting method during 1992, were not
material. 

SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN (SERP).  The Company has a
non-qualified pension plan to provide supplemental retirement benefits to
certain officers.  Benefits are payable at retirement based upon a percentage
of the participant's compensation.  The plan specifies minimum annual
retirement benefits for certain participants.
<TABLE>

The funded status of the SERP plan is:
<CAPTION>
                                                               June 30
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                     1994                1993
                                                   ---------          ---------
<S>                                               <C>                <C>
Projected benefit obligation                       $  4,446           $  4,376
Unrecognized net transition obligation                 (536)              (980)
Unrecognized net loss                                  (801)              (893)
Unrecognized prior service cost
   minimum liability                                    886              1,520
                                                   --------          ---------

Accrued pension liability, included in
   other liabilities on the Consolidated
   Balance Sheets                                  $  3,727          $   3,641
                                                   ========          =========

Accumulated benefit obligation, fully vested       $  3,727          $   3,641
                                                   ========          =========
</TABLE>
                                      21


















<PAGE>   13
                
<TABLE>
                
Periodic pension cost for the SERP consists of: 
<CAPTION>
                                        
                                                                      Year ended June 30        
                                                        ---------------------------------------------------
                                                         1994                  1993                1992
                                                         ----                  ----                ----
<S>                                                   <C>                   <C>                <C>
Service cost - benefits earned                          $  91                 $  64               $  24
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation             347                   334                 406
Net amortization and deferral                             483                   388                 370
                                                         ----                  ----                ----
Total                                                   $ 921                 $ 786               $ 800
                                                        =====                 =====               =====
</TABLE>

Pension cost and benefit obligations shown above were determined using a
discount rate of 8.0% and a rate of increase in compensation levels of 5.5%.  At
June 30, 1994 there were no assets under the plan.  The Company funds the
benefits when payments are made to participants.

8. LEASE COMMITMENTS AND RENT EXPENSE

The Company leases certain branch and distribution center facilities and
computer equipment under non-cancelable lease agreements.  The minimum annual
rental commitment under operating leases is $7,517 in 1995; $6,056 in 1996;
$4,576 in 1997; $3,832 in 1998; $2,071 in 1999, and $2,950 after 2000.

        Rental cost, principally from leases for real property, vehicles and
computer equipment was $10,013 in 1994, $8,527 in 1993, and $11,596 in 1992.

9. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1992, the Company adopted a restructuring
plan which critically evaluated the performance of all facilities and
administrative functions to enhance the Company's long-term profitability.  The
actions related to this plan, which were substantially completed in fiscal 1993,
included the reorganization and consolidation of certain branch, distribution
center, shop facilities and administrative functions.  A restructuring charge of
$7,832 was recorded in 1992 for the costs of these actions, including lease
termination costs, write-off of property and other assets associated with
reorganization or consolidation of facilities, relocation costs and separation
costs of terminated associates.

10. LITIGATION

The 1990 agreement for the acquisition of King Bearing included specific
indemnification of Bearings, Inc. and King for any financial damages or losses
related to a lawsuit pending against King in the Superior Court of Orange
County, California.  The indemnification was also guaranteed by the ultimate
parent of King's former owner, a Fortune 100 company with stockholders' equity
exceeding three billion dollars at June 30, 1994.  A $32,400 judgment relating
to this lawsuit was rendered against King in June 1992.  The judgment is being
strongly contested by counsel retained by the indemnitor on behalf of King, and
in September 1992 the trial court granted the motion of King for a new trial as
to all but $219 in damages returned by the jury.  A notice of appeal was filed
by the cross-complainants, and the case is now pending in the California Court
of Appeal, Fourth Appellate District.  All alleged events relevant to the
judgment occurred prior to the Company's purchase of King and the jury found no
liability on the part of Bearings, Inc. Due to the indemnification and
guarantee, management believes that the outcome of this matter will not have a
material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position or results of
operations of the Company.


                                      22











<PAGE>   14
INDEPENDENT

AUDITORS' REPORT

                                           Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries


                                          [ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP - LOGO ]



Shareholders and Board of Directors

Bearings, Inc.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bearings, Inc.
and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 1994 and 1993 and the
related statements of consolidated income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 1994.  These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.

        We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at June 30,
1994 and 1993 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended June 30, 1994 in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

        As discussed in Notes 5 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
in the year ended June 30, 1994, the Company changed its method of accounting
for income taxes to conform with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 109 and its application of the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method for valuing
inventories.



DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP


Cleveland, Ohio

August 5, 1994 











                                      23
<PAGE>   15

<TABLE>

QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS

AND MARKET DATA

                                                                                    Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries
<CAPTION>

(UNAUDITED)
(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)
                                                                                   Per Common Share                       
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------      
                                                            Net          Net                                              
                                Net         Gross         Income       Income       Cash            Price Range           
                               Sales        Profit        (Loss)       (Loss)      Dividend      High          Low        
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------     
<S>                         <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          
1994                                                                                                                      
FIRST QUARTER(C)             $222,712      $ 56,672      $ 2,398       $ .32        $.16        $25.25       $21.13      
SECOND QUARTER(C)             226,285        61,528        2,314         .31         .16         31.13        25.38      
THIRD QUARTER                 239,743        65,498        2,886         .38         .16         37.50        27.75      
FOURTH QUARTER                247,514        68,343        5,089         .68         .16         34.00        30.00      
                             --------      --------      -------       -----        ----                                 
                             $936,254      $252,041      $12,687       $1.68        $.64                                    
                             ========      ========      =======       =====        ====                                 

1993                                                                                                                      
First Quarter                $204,175      $ 50,603      $ 1,505       $ .21        $.16        $18.75       $16.75      
Second Quarter                198,535        51,587        1,755         .24         .16         23.25        16.88      
Third Quarter                 210,789        54,673        2,378         .33         .16         23.50        20.50      
Fourth Quarter                217,933        61,323        3,289         .45         .16         24.75        21.38      
                             --------      --------      -------       -----        ----                                
                             $831,432      $218,186      $ 8,927       $1.23        $.64                                    
                             ========      ========      =======       =====        ====                                 

1992                                                                                                                      
First Quarter                $202,038      $ 51,621      $ 1,037       $ .15        $.16        $23.63       $19.88      
Second Quarter                198,639        52,132          381         .05         .16         21.13        18.00      
Third Quarter                 208,144        52,081          392         .06         .16         23.25        19.38      
Fourth Quarter(B)             208,992        54,536       (3,476)       (.49)        .16         22.63        17.63      
                             --------      --------      -------       -----        ----                                 
                             $817,813      $210,370      $(1,666)      $(.24)       $.64                                    
                             ========      ========      =======       =====        ====                                 
<FN>
                                                                                                                          
(A) Cost of sales for interim financial statements are computed using
    estimated gross profit percentages which are adjusted throughout the year
    based upon avalilable information. Adjustments to actual cost are made based
    upon the annual physical inventory and the effect of year-end inventory
    quantities on LIFO costs. The physical inventory adjustments in 1994 and
    1993 were not material. The physical inventory adjustment in 1992 increased
    gross profit, net income and net income per share by $1,806; $1,084; and
    $.15, respectively. Reductions in inventories during the fiscal years ended
    June 30, 1994 and 1993 resulted in liquidations of LIFO inventory quantities
    carried at lower costs prevailing in prior years. The effect of these
    liquidations for the years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993 increased annual
    gross profit by $6,784 and $4,714; annual net income by $3,841 and $2,749
    and net income per share by $.51 and $.38, respectively. The effects of LIFO
    liquidations during 1992 were not material. (See Note 3 of Notes to
    Consolidated Financial Statements).

(B) Includes a restructuring charge of $7,832 for costs of reorganization
    and consolidation of certain branch, distribution center and other
    facilities and administrative functions.  Net of applicable income
    taxes, this charge decreased net income by $4,700 or $.66 per share.  (See
    Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)

(C) The first two quarters of 1994 have been restated to relect the acquisition 
    of Mainline.  (See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)

(D) On September 1, 1994 there were 1,469 shareholders of record.  Additionally
    at June 30, 1994 there were 2,994 participants in the Bearings, Inc. 401(k)
    Savings Plan.  The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock
    Exchange.  The closing price on September 1, 1994 was $32.25 per share.
 



</TABLE>
                                      25


<PAGE>   16
<TABLE>

10 YEAR

SUMMARY
<CAPTION>

 (Thousands, except per share data and statistics)

                                              1994                  1993                 1992                    1991
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>                   <C>                 <C>                     <C>
CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS-
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 30
Net sales                                 $  936,254            $  831,432           $  817,813              $  814,000
Operating income                              27,817                20,521                4,703                  17,115
Net income (loss)                             12,687                 8,927               (1,666)                  4,282
Per share data
   Net income (loss)                            1.68                  1.23                 (.24)                     61
   Cash dividend                                 .64                   .64                  .64                     .64

YEAR-END POSITION - JUNE 30
Working capital                           $  144,605            $  130,860           $   41,967             $    54,695
Long-term debt                                80,000                80,000
Total assets                                 343,519               315,935              330,619                 327,939
Shareholders' equity                         150,491               134,940              128,830                 134,203

YEAR-END STATISTICS - JUNE 30
Current ratio                                    2.4                   2.4                  1.2                     1.3
Branches                                         339                   323                  333                     341
Shareholders of record                      1,484(A)                 1,543                1,617                   1,679
<FN>
(A) In addition there were 2,994 employee participants in the Bearings, Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan.
</TABLE>                                               




                                                                         26







<PAGE>   17
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Bearings, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                                                                                            
              1990         1989            1988             1987              1986           1985   
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>           <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>           <C>


         $  651,271    $ 630,281       $ 542,883        $ 490,995         $  490,249    $  495,529
             25,281       33,463          25,000           13,964              7,591        24,934
             12,201       18,313          14,948            6,247              2,244        11,011

               1.70         2.45            1.89              .71                .25          1.22
                .64          .56            .489             .445               .445          .445


         $   64,091    $  75,134       $  77,606        $ 121,068         $  129,288    $  131,690
                                                           44,750             44,750        44,750
            380,224      251,376         222,957          223,202            231,894       225,082
            135,338      134,848         128,919          125,419            133,912       135,126


                1.3          1.7             1.9              3.5                3.7           4.2
                363          267             266              269                274           275
              1,694        1,358           1,318            1,361              1,476         1,613

</TABLE>
                                                                27
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                EXHIBIT 23
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
- - -----------------------------
Bearings, Inc.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements
Nos. 2-81660, 33-42623,33-43506, 33-53345, 33-53401 and 33-53405 of Bearings,
Inc. on Forms S-3 and S-8 of our reports dated August 5, 1994 appearing in and
incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bearings, Inc.
for the year ended June 30, 1994.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Cleveland, Ohio
September 26, 1994

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1994
<CASH>                                          10,935
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  131,698
<ALLOWANCES>                                     1,900
<INVENTORY>                                    106,233
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               249,244
<PP&E>                                         133,437
<DEPRECIATION>                                  53,318
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 343,519
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          104,639
<BONDS>                                         80,000
<COMMON>                                        10,000
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     140,491
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   343,519
<SALES>                                        936,254
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               936,254
<CGS>                                          684,213
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  684,213
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               222,806
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 1,418
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               6,160
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 21,657
<INCOME-TAX>                                     8,970
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             12,687
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    12,687
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.68
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.65
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
