-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Irc0Z9A3XmJJcGqZsHK6fyHAbIZdUnSGmQC23dm8zdNDC68KEIc9Bz53hbrh2EPQ
 ydNAqHvVPc1eG0x54CqevA==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950146-94-000174.txt : 19941005
<IMS-HEADER>0000950146-94-000174.hdr.sgml : 19941005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950146-94-000174
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940926
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WATTS INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000795403
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3490
		IRS NUMBER:				042916536
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14787
		FILM NUMBER:		94550213

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		815 CHESTNUT ST
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5086881811

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 2:		815 CHESTNUT STREET
		CITY:			NORTH ANDOVER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01845
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>WATTS INDUSTRIES
<TEXT>

                                                          

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C.  20549
                    

FORM 10-K
 ___       
/XX/  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
      SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

         For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994

OR
 ___       
/  /  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
      SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

         For the transition period from ____________ to ____________

                         Commission file number 0-14787
                               _________________
                  
                             WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                Delaware                                     04-2916536
        (State of incorporation)                          (I.R.S. Employer
                                                         Identification No.)
          815 Chestnut Street
      North Andover, Massachusetts                           01845
(Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (508) 688-1811
                                ________________

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
        Class A Common Stock, par value $.10 per share
                       (Title of class)

        Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all 
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such 
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), 
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 
days.  Yes  X  No __

        Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers 
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and 
will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in 
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference 
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ]


        The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the registrant 
held by non-affiliates of the registrant on September 2, 1994 was 
$431,500,109. 

        The number of shares of the registrant's Class A Common Stock, 
par value $.10 per share, outstanding on September 2, 1994 was 
18,013,522 and the number of shares of the registrant's Class B Common 
Stock, par value $.10 per share, outstanding on September 2, 1994 was 
11,472,470. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions of the following documents are incorporated by reference into 
the Parts of this Report on Form 10-K indicated below:

        (1)     The Annual Report to Stockholders for fiscal year ended June 
30, 1994 (Part II).

        (2)     The Company's definitive proxy statement dated September 14, 
1994 for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on October 18, 
1994 (Part III).

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

PART I

Item 1.  BUSINESS.

General

        Watts Industries, Inc., (as further defined below),("the 
Company") designs, manufactures and sells an extensive line of valves 
for the plumbing and heating and water quality, municipal water, 
steam, and  industrial and oil and gas markets.  Watts has focused on 
the valve industry since its inception in 1874, when it was founded to 
design and produce steam regulators for New England textile mills.  
The Company is a leading manufacturer and supplier of water service 
and water quality valve products, which account for over one-half of 
its sales.  The Company's growth strategy emphasizes internal 
development of new valve products and entry into new markets for 
specialized valves and related products through diversification of its 
existing business and strategic acquisitions in related business 
areas, both domestically and abroad.

        The Company's product lines include (1) safety relief valves, 
regulators, ball valves and flow control valves for water service 
primarily in residential and commercial environments, and metal and 
plastic water supply/drainage products including valves, tubular brass 
products, faucets, drains, and sink strainers for residential 
construction, home repair and remodeling, and specialty bronze valves 
and fittings used in underground water service connections; (2) 
backflow preventers for preventing contamination of potable water 
caused by reverse flow within water supply lines; (3) American Water 
Works Association (AWWA) butterfly valves for use in water 
distribution, water treatment and waste water management; (4) steam 
regulators and control devices for industrial HVAC and naval/marine 
applications; (5) ball valves, pneumatic and electric actuators, 
relief valves, check valves and butterfly valves for industrial 
applications; and (6) valves for the oil and gas industry. Within a 
majority of the specific markets in which it participates, the Company 
believes it has the broadest product line in terms of the distinct 
designs, sizes and configurations of its valves.  Products 
representing a majority of the Company's sales have been approved 
under regulatory standards incorporated into state and municipal 
plumbing and heating, building and fire protection codes.

        The Company operates its own automated foundries for casting 
bronze and iron component parts and has extensive facilities for 
machining bronze, brass, iron and steel components and assembling them 
into finished valves.  The Company has its principal manufacturing 
plants, warehouses, product development facilities or sales offices in 
20 locations in the United States, 4 locations in Canada, 12 locations 
in Europe, and 1 location in Asia through a 60% controlling interest 
in a joint venture located in the People's Republic of China.  These 
domestic and foreign operations employ approximately 4,850 people, 
including 864 employees in the Company's joint venture located in the 
People's Republic of China.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1985.  The Company 
maintains its principal executive offices at 815 Chestnut Street, 
North Andover, Massachusetts 01845 and its telephone number is (508) 
688-1811.  Unless the context otherwise requires or indicates, 
references to the "Company" and "Watts" include the Company's 
predecessors and subsidiaries.

        The Company's principal subsidiaries include:

           - Watts Regulator Co. of North Andover, Massachusetts, a 
manufacturer of pressure regulators, temperature and pressure relief 
valves, backflow preventers, flow control valves, pneumatic and 
electric actuators, ball valves, and butterfly valves;

           - KF Industries, Inc. of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, a 
manufacturer of high pressure floating and trunnion ball valves, check 
valves, and needle valves for the oil and gas industry;

           - Jameco Industries, Inc. of Wyandanch, New York, a 
manufacturer of metal and plastic water supply products, including 
valves, tubular products, and sink strainers;

           - Henry Pratt Company of Aurora, Illinois, a manufacturer of 
AWWA butterfly valves and other valve products for use in water 
distribution, water treatment, waste water management, fire protection 
and power generation; 

           - Leslie Controls, Inc. of Tampa, Florida, a manufacturer of 
control valves, instrumentation, regulators, water heaters and 
whistles for the naval, marine and industrial steam markets;

           - Circle Seal Controls, Inc. of Corona, California, a 
manufacturer of relief valves, pressure regulators, check valves, 
pressure gauges and other valve products for industrial, commercial 
aviation and aerospace/military applications;

           - Spence Engineering Company, Inc. of Walden, New York, a 
manufacturer of steam regulators and control devices;

           - James Jones Company of El Monte, California, a manufacturer 
of specialty bronze valves and fittings used in underground water 
service connections, and bronze fire hydrants;

           - Watts Automatic Control Valve, Inc. of Houston, Texas, a 
manufacturer of automatic control valves;

           - Nicholson Steam Trap, Inc. of Walden, New York, a 
manufacturer of low pressure steam condensate traps;

           - R.G. Laurence Company, Inc. of Tampa, Florida, a 
manufacturer of products for the gas turbine industry;

           - Watts Industries (Canada) Inc. of Woodbridge, Ontario, 
Canada, a manufacturer of various water service and water quality 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

valves, traps, drains and other specialty products for the commercial 
and industrial construction markets;

           - Intermes, S.p.A. of Caldaro and Trento, Italy, a 
manufacturer of plumbing and heating valves and controls with 
distribution facilities in Italy, Germany, France, Austria, 
Switzerland, Belgium, and Spain;

           - MTR GmbH of Gemmrigheim, Germany, a distributor of plumbing 
and heating valves and controls;

           - Edward Barber Ltd. of Tottenham, England, a manufacturer of 
valves, meter boxes and accessories for the municipal water market;

           - Watts Ocean B.V. of Eerbeek, Holland, which assembles and 
distributes water quality valves and manufactures check valves, double 
cage pinch valves, automatic control valves and other valve systems;

           - Watts SFR S.A. of Fressenneville, France, a manufacturer of 
speciality relief valves, water pressure reducing valves and other 
speciality valves for the water safety and flow control markets in 
France and other European countries; and

           - Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company Limited of Tianjin, 
People's Republic of China, a manufacturer of butterfly, globe and 
check valves for the water distribution and industrial markets in 
China and Southeast Asia.

        All information appearing in this Item 1 is as of September 2, 
1994, except as otherwise specified.

Recent Acquisitions

        On June 27, 1994, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company formed 
Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company Limited ("Tanggu Watts"), a 
Chinese joint venture located in Tianjin, People's Republic of China, 
with Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant, a manufacturer of butterfly valves 
and other valve products that are sold primarily to the water 
distribution and industrial markets in China and exported to other 
parts of the world.  Tanggu Watts commenced business operations in 
August 1994.  Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant's 1993 calendar year sales 
were approximately $8,000,000.  The Company owns a 60% controlling 
interest in Tanggu Watts.
        
        On July 28, 1994, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company 
acquired Jameco Industries, Inc. located in Wyandanch, New York.  
Jameco manufactures metal and plastic water supply products including 
valves, tubular products and sink strainers that are sold primarily to 
the residential construction and do-it-yourself, home repair and 
remodeling markets in the United States and overseas.  The sales of 
Jameco for the 12-month period ended June 30, 1994 were approximately 
$56,000,000 with the majority of its sales concentrated in the United 
States.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Products

        The Company classifies its valve products into four categories: 
(1)  Plumbing and Heating and Water Quality, (2) Municipal Water, (3) 
Steam, and (4) Industrial and Oil and Gas.  The Company serves a wide 
range of end users through the manufacture of valve products of many 
designs, sizes and configurations.

        Plumbing and Heating and Water Quality.  Water plumbing and 
heating  valves and water supply/drainage products include a broad 
line of safety relief valves, regulators, ball valves, control valves, 
tubular brass products, sink strainers, faucets and drains used for 
water service in residential, industrial, commercial, and  
institutional applications.  Watts has developed automatic temperature 
and pressure relief valves and pressure-only relief valves used for 
protection against overtemperature and excessive pressure build-up in 
water heaters, boilers and other pressure vessels.  These products 
must meet stringent requirements under municipal and state regulatory 
codes ("code requirements").  See "Code Compliance."  Watts has also 
developed self-contained water-pressure regulators, which reduce and 
control supply pressure in commercial and residential water systems.  
These regulators, which conserve water and protect appliances and 
other equipment from excessive water pressure, are also subject to 
stringent code requirements.  The Company's plumbing and heating  
valves also include bronze ball valves used in a wide range of 
applications for controlling the flow of water within pipe lines. 

        The Company manufactures and sells a large number of specialty 
water service products including hydronic heating control products, 
vacuum relief valves, hot and cold water mixing valves, strainers, 
traps, drains, dielectric unions, water hammer shock arrestors, 
washing machine Duo-Cloz shut-off valves, flow switches, pilot 
operated regulators, and thermostatic controls.

        Jameco Industries, acquired by the Company in July 1994, 
manufactures valves, sink strainers, drains, and tubular brass 
products and imports for resale, vitreous china and faucets for the 
residential construction and do-it-yourself, home repair and 
remodeling markets.  Many of these products are distributed in the 
United States through retail  warehouse chain stores that sell to the 
do-it-yourself market.

        Water quality valves include backflow preventers for preventing 
contamination of potable water caused by reverse flow within water 
supply lines.  Customers include municipal water works and industrial, 
residential, institutional, irrigation and other end users having 
water supply lines.

        The patented Watts No. 909 reduced pressure zone backflow 
preventer line has been recognized within the industry and by certain 
regulatory bodies as an important technical advance because of its 
improved ability to prevent the reverse flow of contaminated water 
during severe conditions of backsiphonage or backpressure in potable 
water supply systems. The Company's other water quality valves include 
atmospheric and continuous pressure anti-siphon vacuum breakers, 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

double check valves for residential and commercial service, boiler 
feed and vending machine backflow preventers and hose connection and 
wall and yard hydrant vacuum breakers. Most of the Company's Water 
Quality Valve products are subject to code requirements.  See "Code 
Compliance."

        Municipal Water.  Municipal water valves include valves used to 
manage and control the delivery of water from the source of supply to 
its point of use.  Watts Automatic Control Valve manufactures valves 
used in municipal water systems to control flow and deliver water at a 
constant pressure.  James Jones Company manufactures fire hydrants, 
underground service valves and fittings used for applications between 
water mains and meters. Henry Pratt Company manufactures large size 
AWWA butterfly valves as well as ball, plug and check valves used in 
water distribution, water treatment, and waste water markets. Tanggu 
Watts manufactures large butterfly valves used in municipal water 
distribution.  Edward Barber Ltd. manufactures valves, meter boxes and 
accessories for the European municipal water market.

        Steam.  The Company's steam valves include pilot operated steam 
temperature and pressure regulators manufactured and marketed 
principally by Spence Engineering Company, Inc.  These specialty 
valves are marketed primarily to institutional, industrial and utility 
customers.  The Company's line of control valves, instrumentation, 
regulators, water heaters and whistles for the naval, marine and 
industrial steam markets is manufactured and sold by Leslie Controls, 
Inc.  The Company's line of low pressure steam condensate traps is 
manufactured and sold by Nicholson Steam Trap, Inc.

        Industrial and Oil and Gas.  The Company's industrial products 
include an extensive line of ball valves and butterfly valves 
primarily for industrial process applications, as well as pneumatic 
and electric actuators which open, close and modulate valves.   By 
offering a broad range of ball, seat, seal, stem and handle choices, 
Watts is able to customize ball valves for particularly demanding 
service applications. Relief, check and regulator valves for 
aerospace, marine, military, cryogenic, and other specialized 
applications are manufactured by Circle Seal Controls, Inc.  

        The Company's oil and gas valves include high pressure floating 
and trunnion ball valves, check valves, and needle valves manufactured 
by KF Industries, Inc.  These specialty valves are marketed primarily 
to oil field supply distributors.  During fiscal 1994, the Company's 
oil and gas business increased its international export sales as a 
result of a strong international market in gas transmission pipeline 
projects. The Company believes that its oil and gas business, 
including the fiscal 1994 sales to gas transmission pipeline projects, 
is affected by cyclical variations in industry conditions to a greater 
extent than its other business operations.

Acquisitions

        An important element of the Company's growth strategy is to make 
strategic acquisitions of companies and product lines in related 
business areas.  The Company's acquisition strategy has been  focused 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

in the valve industry and has involved (i) acquiring additional valve 
products which can be sold through the Company's own distribution 
network and which can benefit from the Company's manufacturing 
expertise and financial support; (ii) entering new markets or 
extending existing markets for specialized valves; and (iii) seeking 
to acquire foreign companies to penetrate new markets. The Company 
began implementing its acquisition strategy in 1984 and through 
September 2, 1994 had completed 28 acquisitions of varying sizes.  
After it makes an acquisition, the Company participates actively with 
the management of the acquired business in implementing operating 
strategies with the objective of enhancing the sales, productivity and 
operating results.

        The Company's present acquisition activities began in September 
1984 with the purchase of Spence Engineering Company, Inc. of Walden, 
New York, a manufacturer of steam regulators and control valves.  
Since then, the Company has also acquired (i) James Jones Company of 
El Monte, California, a manufacturer of specialty bronze valves and 
fittings used in underground water service connections (acquired in 
December 1986); (ii) Ocean B.V., a Netherlands-based producer of check 
valves and related products for the European market (acquired in 
December 1987); (iii) KF Industries, Inc. of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, 
a manufacturer of high pressure floating and trunnion ball valves and 
needle valves for the oil and gas industry (acquired in July 1988); 
(iv) Leslie Controls, Inc. of Tampa, Florida, a manufacturer of 
control valves, instrumentation, regulators, water heaters and 
whistles for the naval, marine and industrial steam markets (acquired 
in July 1989); (v) Nicholson Steam Trap, Inc. of Wilkes-Barre, 
Pennsylvania, a manufacturer of low pressure condensate traps 
(acquired in July 1989); (vi) Circle Seal Controls, Inc. of Corona, 
California, a manufacturer of relief valves, pressure regulators, 
check valves and other valve products for industrial, commercial 
aviation and aerospace/military applications (acquired in September 
1990); (vii) Watts SFR S.A. of Fressenneville, France, a manufacturer 
of specialty relief valves, water pressure reducing valves and other 
specialty valves for the water safety and flow control markets in 
France and other European countries (acquired in January 1991); (viii) 
Henry Pratt Company of Aurora, Illinois, a manufacturer of AWWA 
butterfly valves and other valve products (acquired in September 
1991); (ix) Intermes, S.p.A. of Caldaro, Italy, a manufacturer of 
plumbing and heating valves and controls (acquired in November 1992); 
(x) Edward Barber Ltd. of Tottenham, England, a manufacturer of 
valves, meter boxes and accessories for the municipal water market 
(acquired in May 1993); (xi) Ancon Products, Inc. of Scarborough, 
Ontario, Canada, a manufacturer of drains and other specialty products 
(acquired in July 1993); (xii) Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company 
Limited, a joint venture company formed with Tianjin Tanggu Valve 
Plant in Tianjin, People's Republic of China, a manufacturer of 
butterfly, globe and check valves for the water distribution and 
industrial markets (formed in June 1994); (xiii) Jameco Industries, 
Inc. of Wyandanch, New York, a manufacturer of metal and plastic water 
supply products (acquired in July 1994); and (xiv) other smaller 
companies and product lines.  Businesses and product lines acquired 
from September 1984 through June 30, 1994 collectively, excluding 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

revenues from Jameco Industries, Inc. and Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve 
Company Limited, represented more than 60% of the Company's revenues 
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994. 

Code Compliance

        Products representing a majority of the Company's sales are 
subject to regulatory standards and code enforcement which typically 
require that these products meet stringent performance criteria.  
Standards are established by such industry test and certification 
organizations as the American Society of Mechanical Engineers 
(A.S.M.E.), the American Gas Association (A.G.A.), the American 
Society of Sanitary Engineers (A.S.S.E.), the University of Southern 
California (U.S.C.) Foundation for Cross-Connection Control, the 
International Association of Plumbing and Mechanical Officials 
(I.A.P.M.O.), Underwriters Laboratories (UL), Factory Mutual (F.M.), 
American Water Works Association (A.W.W.A.), and the American 
Petroleum Institute (A.P.I.).  These standards are incorporated into 
state and municipal plumbing and heating, building and fire protection 
codes.  The Company also meets the criteria of the Canadian Standards 
Association (C.S.A.).

        The Company also has agency approvals in each of the major 
European markets in which it participates.  These approvals include 
KIWA in the Netherlands, DVGW in Germany, WRC in the United Kingdom, 
AFNOR in France, SVGW in Switzerland, UNI in Italy, and ANSEAU in 
Belgium.

        The Company has consistently advocated the development and 
enforcement of performance and safety standards.  The Company 
maintains quality control and testing procedures at each of its 
manufacturing facilities in order to produce products in compliance 
with code requirements.  Additionally, a majority of the Company's 
manufacturing subsidiaries have either acquired or are working to 
acquire ISO 9000, 9001, or 9002 approval.

Marketing and Distribution

        The Company relies primarily on commissioned representative 
organizations to market its product lines.  These organizations, which 
accounted for approximately 63% of the Company's net sales in the 
fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, sell primarily to plumbing and 
heating wholesalers and industrial, steam, and oil and gas 
distributors for resale to end users.  The Company also sells products 
directly to certain large original equipment manufacturers (OEM's) and 
private label accounts.  OEM's and private label accounts represented 
approximately 11% of the Company's total sales in the fiscal year 
ended June 30, 1994.

        The Company maintains distinct channels of distribution for 
marketing water service valves, underground service valves, AWWA 
valves, steam valves, industrial valves, and oil and gas valves in the 
United States and abroad.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Plumbing and Heating and Water Quality

        Water Service Valves and Products. The Company's water service 
distribution network for the United States, which distributes water 
plumbing and heating, water safety and flow control and water quality 
valves, consists of 84 commissioned representative organizations which 
sell to over 6,000 plumbing and heating wholesalers.  The Company 
maintains consigned inventories of water service products at many 
representatives' locations, and each representative carries the entire 
line of the Company's water service products.  Sales of the Company's 
products generally account for more than one-half of its commissioned 
representative organizations' total commission income.

        Jameco Industries, Inc., acquired in July 1994, distributes its 
products in the United States through retail warehouse chain stores 
that sell to the do-it-yourself, home repair and remodeling markets.  
The Company intends to introduce some of its other product lines to 
this distribution channel.

        The Company distributes water service valves in Canada through 
both direct sales personnel and commissioned representative 
organizations.


Municipal

        Underground Service Valves.  The Company markets its underground 
service valves under the James JonesTM trademark through three direct 
salesmen, 35 commissioned representatives and 500 water works 
distributors.

        AWWA Valves.  The Company markets its AWWA butterfly valves as 
well as ball plug and check valves through the Henry Pratt Company.  
Henry Pratt has 31 commissioned representatives which sell to 
distributors as well as a field sales force with 7 offices in the U.S.  
Additionally, on large construction projects the Company sells 
directly to end users.  

Steam

        Steam Valves.  The Company markets its steam valves under the 
SpenceR trademark through 45 commissioned representative 
organizations, whose personnel are trained in the sale and technical 
support of sophisticated steam products.  Leslie Controls, Inc. 
markets its control valves and instrumentation, regulators and 
waterheaters for the naval, marine and industrial steam markets 
through 68 commissioned representative organizations.

Industrial and Oil and Gas

        Industrial Valves.  The Company's industrial sales organization 
markets its products through 60 commissioned representative 
organizations who sell to over 300 industrial distributors.  

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Industrial distributors carry their own inventories and provide local 
sales and inventory support services to their customers.

        Oil and Gas Valves.  The Company markets its oil and gas valves 
under the KFTM trademark through 57 commissioned representative 
organizations and through direct sales personnel.  The Company has 
sales offices in Singapore and Southampton, England for sales to the 
oil and gas markets in Asia and Europe/Middle East, respectively.

        The Company's agreements with its commissioned representative 
organizations typically provide for territorial exclusivity, the 
payment of percentage commissions and termination by either party on 
30 days' notice.  No commissioned representative organization, 
wholesaler or distributor in any of the Company's market areas 
accounted for as much as 10% of the Company's total net sales in 
fiscal 1994.  The Company maintains an internal staff of sales 
personnel organized by product line to support the efforts of its 
commissioned representative organizations.  The Company also conducts 
technical and product application seminars for its customers directly 
and in cooperation with its commissioned representative organizations.

        The Company estimates that a substantial portion of its sales are 
attributable to the normal replacement and repair of valves and 
systems employing valves.

        The Company's foreign sales, including exports, in fiscal 1994, 
1993, and 1992 were 29%, 23%, and 18%, respectively. The Company's 
foreign sales other than Canadian sales consist predominantly of sales 
of plumbing and heating valves, water quality, and municipal water 
valves in Western Europe.  Such sales increased in 1994 as compared to 
1993 principally as a result of the inclusion of net sales of 
Intermes, S.p.A., acquired in November 1992, Edward Barber Company, 
acquired in May 1993, Ancon Products, Inc., acquired in July 1993, and 
Enpoco Canada, Ltd., acquired in November 1993.  Increased unit 
shipments of certain product lines also contributed to the Company's 
increase in foreign sales.  Export sales from the United States in the 
oil and gas market increased because of a strong international market 
in gas transmission pipeline projects. The increase in export sales in 
the oil and gas market for fiscal 1994 may not be reflective of future 
export sales in the oil and gas market because of the cyclical nature 
of capital intensive projects such as gas transmission pipeline 
projects.  The Company believes that its acquisitions of Intermes, 
Edward Barber Company, Ocean B.V. in 1987, and the operating 
subsidiaries of Watts Industries France S.A. in 1991 have strengthened 
its manufacturing capability and broadened its distribution network in 
Western Europe.  See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements incorporated by reference in Item 8 for certain information 
regarding the Company's foreign operations.

        Tanggu Watts, the Company's joint venture which commenced 
operations in August 1994, manufactures butterfly, globe and check 
valves for the water distribution and industrial markets in the 
People's Republic of China and for export sales to those markets in 
the United States, Europe, Australia and Southeast Asia.


<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        The Company relies predominantly on exclusive distributorship 
arrangements to distribute its water segment products in foreign 
countries other than Canada and Europe. The Company established a 
Singapore sales office in fiscal 1993 and a Southampton, England sales 
office in fiscal 1994 to service the oil and gas markets in Southeast 
Asia and Europe/Middle East, respectively.

Production

        The Company has a fully integrated and highly automated 
manufacturing capability.  The Company's machining operations feature 
over 300 computer-controlled machine tools, high-speed chucking 
machines and automatic screw machines.  The Company's foundry 
equipment includes metal pouring systems and automatic core making, 
mold making and pouring capabilities. See "Properties" below.

        The Company has invested heavily in recent years to expand its 
manufacturing base and to ensure the availability of the most 
efficient and productive equipment.  Capital expenditures were 
$19,928,000,  $25,798,000, and $18,054,000 for fiscal 1994, 1993, and 
1992, respectively.  Depreciation and amortization for such periods 
were $22,393,000, $20,560,000, and $17,630,000, respectively.

        Two significant raw materials used in the Company's production 
processes are bronze ingot and brass rod.  While the Company 
historically has not experienced significant difficulties in obtaining 
these commodities in quantities sufficient for its operations, there 
have been significant changes in their prices.  The Company's gross 
profit margins are adversely affected to the extent that the selling 
prices of its products do not increase proportionately with increases 
in the costs of bronze ingot and brass rod.  Any significant 
unanticipated increase or decrease in the prices of these commodities 
could materially affect the Company's results of operations.  As the 
sales volume and the diversity of materials used in the Company's 
production processes have grown, the impact from changes in the cost 
of these two raw materials has somewhat diminished. In an effort to 
reduce the effects of such fluctuations, the Company maintains an 
active materials management program, although no assurances can be 
given that this will protect the Company from changes in the prices 
for bronze ingot and brass rod.  

Product Engineering

        The Company believes that new product development and product  
engineering are important to success in the valve industry and that the 
Company's position in the industry is attributable in significant part 
to its ability to develop new products and to adapt and enhance 
existing products. The Company employs over 275 engineers and 
technicians who engage primarily in these activities.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Competition

        The domestic and international markets for valves are intensely 
competitive and include companies possessing substantially greater 
financial, marketing and other resources than the Company.  Management 
considers  product reputation, price, effectiveness of distribution 
and breadth of product line to be the primary competitive factors.

Backlog 

        The Company does not believe that its backlog at any point in 
time is indicative of future operating results.  Backlog was 
$87,938,000 at June 30, 1994 and $77,275,000 at June 30, 1993.

Patents and Trademarks

        The Company owns certain patents and trademarks that it considers 
to be of importance, including the U.S. patent for its No. 909 
backflow preventer, which expires on December 30, 1997.  The Company 
has also secured patents for a backflow prevention device in several 
foreign countries, including Canada, Germany, France, Italy and Japan.

        With respect to its trademarks, the Company has adopted and in 
some cases registered various trademarks, in the United States and 
certain foreign countries.  The principal trademarks of the Company 
include WATTS(R), WATTS REGULATOR & Design(R), SPENCE(R), HALE(R), LESLIE(R), 
PRATT(R), OCEAN(TM), JAMES JONES(TM), KF(TM), TARAS(TM), CONTROMATICS(TM),  
NICHOLSON(TM), FLIPPEN(TM), CIRCLE SEAL(R) and Seal Design(R), and JAMECO and 
Design(TM).  The U.S. registrations of these trademarks have either a 
ten or twenty year term, depending upon whether or not the 
registration was issued prior to the effective date of the 1988 
amendments to the Trademark Act of 1946, and are renewable if still 
used in commerce for additional ten year terms.

        The Company does not believe that its business as a whole is 
dependent on any one or more patents or trademarks or on patent or 
trademark protection generally.

Employees

        At September 2, 1994, the Company had approximately 4,850 
employees, of whom nearly 3,200 were engaged in production and the 
balance in management, sales, engineering and administration.  The 
majority  of the Company's employees are not covered by a collective 
bargaining agreement.  Employees covered by collective bargaining 
agreements include  60 employees of Spence Engineering Company, Inc., 
103 employees of James Jones Company, 133 employees of Henry Pratt 
Company, and 290 employees of Jameco Industries, Inc. The Company 
believes that its employee relations are excellent.


Product Liability and Environmental Matters

        The Company, like other worldwide manufacturing companies, is 
subject to a variety of potential liabilities connected with its 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

business operations, including potential liabilities and expenses 
associated with possible product defects or failures and compliance 
with environmental laws.  The Company maintains product liability and 
other insurance coverage which it believes to be generally in 
accordance with industry practices.  Nonetheless, such insurance 
coverage may not be adequate to protect the Company fully against 
substantial damage claims which may arise from product defects and 
failures.  

        Certain of the Company's operations generate solid and hazardous 
wastes, which are disposed of elsewhere by arrangement with the owners 
or operators of disposal sites or with transporters of such waste.  
The Company's foundry and other operations are subject to various 
federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to 
environmental quality.  Compliance with these laws and regulations 
requires the Company to incur expenses and monitor its operations on 
an on-going basis.  The Company cannot predict the effect of future 
requirements on its capital expenditures, earnings or competitive 
position due to any changes in either federal, state or local 
environmental laws, regulations or ordinances.  

        The Company is currently a party to or otherwise involved with 
various administrative or legal proceedings under federal, state or 
local environmental laws or regulations involving a number of sites, 
in some cases as a participant in a group of potentially responsible 
parties.  Four of these sites, the Sharkey and Combe Landfills in New 
Jersey, the San Gabriel Valley/El Monte, California water basin site, 
and the Jack's Creek/Sitkin Smelting Superfund Site in Pennsylvania 
are listed on the National Priorities List.  With respect to the 
Sharkey Landfill, the Company has been allocated .75% of the 
remediation costs, an amount which is not material to the Company.  
Based on recent developments, the Company elected not to enter into 
the de minimis settlement proposal and has instead decided to 
participate in the remediation as a participating party.  No 
allocations have been made to date with respect to the Combe Landfill 
and San Gabriel Valley sites. With respect to the Jack's Creek Site, 
the final volumetric ranking allocated a .30446% share of the total 
weight to the Company, which the Company believes should entitle it to 
participate as a de minimis party.  In addition to the foregoing, the 
Solvent Recovery Service of New England site and the Old Southington 
landfill site, both in Connecticut, are on the National Priorities 
List but, with respect thereto, the Company has resort to 
indemnification from third parties and based on currently available 
information, the Company believes it will be entitled to participate 
in a de minimis capacity.

        With respect to the Combe Landfill, the Company is one of 
approximately 30 potentially responsible parties.  The Company and all 
other PRP's recently received a Supplemental Directive from the New 
Jersey Department of Environmental Protection & Energy seeking to 
recover approximately $9 million in the aggregate for the operation, 
maintenance, and monitoring of the implemented remedial action taken 
to date in connection with the Combe Landfill North site.


<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        Given the number of parties involved in most environmental sites, 
the multiplicity of possible solutions, the evolving technology and 
the years of remedial activity required, it is difficult to estimate 
with certainty the total cost of remediation, the timing and extent of 
remedial actions which may be required, and the amount of liability, 
if any, of the Company alone and in relation to other responsible 
parties.  Based on facts presently known to it, the Company does not 
believe that the outcome of these proceedings will have a material 
adverse effect on its financial condition, however, with respect to 
the San Gabriel Valley/El Monte, California, site, the Company is 
currently unable to estimate the potential exposure because the 
process of determining the causes and extent of contamination, the 
cost of remediation and the method to allocate the cost among those 
ultimately determined to be responsible is in a very early stage.

        The Company has established balance sheet accruals which it 
currently believes are adequate in light of the probable and estimable 
exposure of pending and threatened environmental litigation and 
proceedings of which it has knowledge.  With respect to certain of 
these matters, the Company has resort either to some degree of 
insurance coverage or indemnifications from third parties which are 
expected to defray to some extent the effect thereof.  With respect to 
insurance, coverage of some of these claims has been disputed by the 
carriers based on standard reservations and, therefore, recovery is 
questionable, a factor which has been considered in the Company's 
evaluation of these matters.  Although difficult to quantify based on 
the complexity of the issues and the limitation on available 
information, the Company believes that its accruals for the estimated 
costs associated with such matters adequately provide for  the 
Company's estimated foreseeable liability for these sites, however, 
given the nature and scope of the Company's manufacturing operations, 
there can be no assurance that the Company will not become subject to 
other environmental proceedings and liabilities in the future which 
may be material to the Company.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES.

        The Company's manufacturing operations include six casting 
foundries.  Castings from these foundries and other components are 
machined and assembled into finished valves at 24 manufacturing 
facilities.  The Company maintains finished goods inventory at 29 
facilities and ships customers' and commissioned representative 
organizations' orders from these locations.
                                       
    The Company's properties at September 2, 1994 were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       Approximate
        Location         Square Feet     Use
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                      <C>            <C> 


Domestic:

Franklin, NH             300,000         Machine shop, assembly,  
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                       Approximate
     Location            Square Feet     Use
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------

Franklin, NH              45,000         Bronze sand casting foundry

Wyandanch, NY            196,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing, warehousing, and 
                                         administration

Dixon, IL                167,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing and warehousing

Tampa, FL                150,000         Machine shop, assembly,  
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Oklahoma City, OK        150,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Aurora, IL               134,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration

Spindale, NC             124,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing and warehousing

Spindale, NC              36,000         Bronze sand casting foundry

Houston, TX              122,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Corona, CA                95,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing, warehousing, repair 
                                         and administration

Walden, NY                78,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Chesnee, SC               70,000         Machine shop, assembly and
                                         testing

El Monte, CA              57,000         Bronze sand casting foundry,    
                                         machine shop, assembly,                 
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration


North Andover, MA         45,000         Corporate headquarters,
                                         administration and
                                         engineering 


<PAGE>
<PAGE>


                          Approximate
     Location            Square Feet     Use
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Canaan, NH                32,000         Machine shop, assembly and 
                                         testing

Milford, NH               30,000         Machine shop, assembly and
                                         testing

Fairfield, NJ             16,000         Service and repair

Cerritos, CA              13,000         Service, repair and 
                                         warehousing

West Babylon, NY           8,000         Warehousing

Canada:

Scarborough, Ontario,     56,000         Assembly, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Woodbridge, Ontario,      55,000         Machine shop, assembly, 
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Burlington, Ontario,      30,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Montreal, Quebec          28,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration
Europe:

Trento, Italy            182,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration

Caldaro, Italy           106,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration

Fressenneville, France    93,000         Machine shop, assembly,                 
                                         testing, warehousing, bronze    
                                         foundry and administration

Eerbeek, The              55,000         Machine shop, assembly,
Netherlands                              testing, warehousing and 
                                         administration

Tottenham, England        40,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

                        
                         Approximate
     Location            Square Feet     Use
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Gemmrigheim, Germany      21,000         Warehousing, administration

Willesden, England        20,000         Bronze sand casting foundry

Barcelona, Spain          16,000         Machine shop, assembly,
                                         testing, warehousing and
                                         administration

Milan, Italy              16,000         Warehousing, administration

Lustenau, Austria         12,000         Warehousing, administration

Aartrijke, Belgium         5,000         Warehousing, administration

Paris, France              2,000         Warehousing, administration

Asia:

Tianjin, People's         246,000        Machine shop, assembly,
Republic of China                        testing, warehousing, iron
                                         foundry and administration


</TABLE>


    All of these facilities and the related real estate are owned by 
the Company, except the service centers in Fairfield, New Jersey and 
Cerritos, California, and the properties in West Babylon, New York; 
Paris, France; Barcelona, Spain; Aartrijke, Belgium; and Scarborough 
and Montreal, Canada.  The buildings and facilities located in 
Tianjin, People's Republic of China are leased by Tianjin Tanggu Watts 
Valve Company Limited under a 30-year lease agreement. All other lease 
terms expire before 1997. Certain of these facilities are subject to 
mortgages and collateral assignments under loan agreements with long-
term lenders. In general, the Company believes that its properties, 
including machinery, tools and equipment, are in good condition, well 
maintained, adequate and suitable for their intended uses. The Company 
believes that the manufacturing facilities are currently operating at 
a level that management considers normal capacity. This utilization is 
subject to change as a result of increases or decreases in sales.

        All information appearing in this Item 2 is as of September 2, 
1994, except as otherwise specified.

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

        Item 3(a).  The Company is from time to time involved in various 
legal and administrative procedures.  See "Business-Product Liability 
and Environmental Matters".

        Item 3(b).  None.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

        There were no matters submitted during the fourth quarter of the 
fiscal year covered by this report to a vote of security holders 
through solicitation of proxies or otherwise.


PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
        STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

Market Information

        The Class A Common Stock of the Company has been traded in the 
over-the-counter market and reported on the National Market System of 
the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation 
("NASDAQ") System since its initial public offering in August 1986.  
The following tabulation sets forth the high and low sales prices of 
the Company's Class A Common Stock on the over-the-counter market as 
reported by the National Market System of NASDAQ for the periods 
indicated:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                        Market Prices
                              ________________________________________
                              Fiscal Year Ended   Fiscal Year Ended
                                June 30, 1994       June 30, 1993
        Fiscal Quarters         High      Low       High      Low

        <S>                   <C>       <C>       <C>       <C> 

        First                 $22 1/16  $17 1/8   $24 1/2   $22   
        Second                 25 1/4    21 1/4    25 1/8    22
        Third                  28 5/8    23 1/2    24 1/4    19 1/2
        Fourth                 27        22 1/4    20 5/8    17 11/16
        
</TABLE>

        There is no established public trading market for the Class B 
Common Stock of the Company, which is held exclusively by members of 
the Horne family and management.  The principal holders of such stock 
are subject to restrictions on transfer with respect to their shares.  
Each share of Class B Common Stock of the Company is convertible into 
one share of Class A Common Stock.  All share prices shown reflect a 
two-for-one stock split of the Company's Common Stock effected by 
means of a stock dividend payable on March 15, 1994 (the "Stock 
Split").

Holders

        The number of record holders of the Company's Class A Common Stock 
as of September 2, 1994 was 295. The Company believes that the number 
of beneficial shareholders of the Company's Class A Common Stock was 
in excess of 4,500 as of September 2, 1994.

        The number of record holders of the Company's Class B Common Stock 
as of September 2, 1994 was 11.
 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        Each share of Class B Common Stock is entitled to ten votes per 
share and each share of Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote 
per share.  As of September 2, 1994, shares of Class B Common Stock 
representing approximately 77.0% of the Company's outstanding voting 
power were held under a voting trust for which Timothy P. Horne, 
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the 
Company, and Frederic B. Horne, Corporate Vice President of the 
Company, serve as trustees.  The voting trust requires concurrence of 
the two trustees with respect to votes involving the election of 
Directors of the Company and gives Timothy P. Horne the ultimate 
ability to vote shares held in the voting trust in connection with 
other matters submitted to shareholders.  See Item 12.

Dividends

        The following tabulation sets forth the cash dividends paid by the 
Company for the periods indicated:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                    Fiscal Quarter                                                           
         Fiscal Year    _______________________________________
        Ended June 30   First   Second  Third   Fourth  Total

            <S>          <C>     <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>
        
            1993        .035    .035    .045    .045    .16
            1994        .045    .045    .055    .055    .20


</TABLE>

        Aggregate common stock dividend payments for fiscal 1994, 1993, 
and  1992 were $5,884,000, $4,785,000, and  $3,637,000, respectively.  
While the Company presently intends to continue to pay cash dividends, 
payment of future dividends necessarily depends upon the Board of 
Directors' assessment of the Company's earnings, financial condition, 
capital requirements and other factors.  All cash dividends shown 
reflect the Stock Split.

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

        The following items included in the Fifteen Year Financial Summary 
on pages 26 and 27 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal 
year ended June 30, 1994 are incorporated herein by reference:

        Operating Data  -       Net sales
                        -       Net earnings
        Investment Data -       Total assets
                        -       Capital employed:  Total debt
        Per Share Data  -       Net earnings - Fully diluted
                        -       Common cash dividends

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
        AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

        The information set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 22 through 
25 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended 
June 30, 1994 is incorporated herein by reference.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

        The consolidated financial statements of the Company set forth on 
pages 10 through 21 of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the 
fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 are incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
         AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

        None.


PART III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT.

        The information appearing under the caption  "Information as to 
Nominees for Director" in the registrant's definitive proxy statement 
dated September 14, 1994 relating to the Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders to be held on October 18, 1994 is incorporated herein by 
reference. The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

             Name               Position                            Age 

        <S>                     <C>                                 <C>

        Timothy P. Horne        Chairman of the Board, President    56
                                and Chief Executive Officer
                                and Director

        David A. Bloss, Sr.     Executive Vice President and        44
                                Director

        Frederic B. Horne       Corporate Vice President and        44
                                Director

        Kenneth J. McAvoy       Vice President of Finance, Chief    54
                                Financial Officer, Treasurer,
                                Executive Vice President of European            
                                Operations, Secretary and Director

        Robert T. McLaurin      Corporate Vice President of         63
                                Asian Operations

        Michael O. Fifer        Vice President of Corporate         37
                                Development

        William C. McCartney    Corporate Controller                40
                                

        Suzanne M. Zabitchuck   Corporate Counsel and               39
                                Assistant Secretary

</TABLE>

        Timothy P. Horne joined the Company in September 1959 and has been 
a Director since 1962.  Mr. Horne served as the Company's President 
from 1976 to 1978 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 
1978 to April 1986.  In April 1986, Mr. Horne became the Company's 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. Horne became 
the Company's President in January 1994.

        David A. Bloss, Sr., joined the Company as Executive Vice 
President in July 1993 and has been a Director since January 1994.  
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bloss was for five years associated 
with the Norton Company, a manufacturer of abrasives and cutting 
tools, serving most recently as President of the Superabrasives 
Division.  He also spent seven years with Cooper Industries.

        Frederic B. Horne, brother of Timothy P. Horne, has been Corporate 
Vice President of the Company since August 1987 and a Director since 
1980.  Mr. Horne served as the Company's Vice President and General 
Manager from 1978 to August 1987.  He joined the Company in 1973.

        Kenneth J. McAvoy has been Vice President of Finance since 1984 
and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since June 1986, and has 
been been a Director since January 1994. Mr. McAvoy was also appointed 
Executive Vice President of European Operations in January 1994. Mr. 
McAvoy has also served as Secretary or Clerk since January 1985.  He 
joined the Company in 1981 as Corporate Controller.

        Robert T. McLaurin was appointed Corporate Vice President of Asian 
Operations in August 1994. He served as the Senior Vice President of 
Manufacturing of Watts Regulator Co. from 1983 to August 1994.  He 
joined Watts Regulator Company as Vice President of Manufacturing in 
1978.

        Michael O. Fifer joined the Company in May 1994 and was appointed 
the Company's Vice President, Corporate Development.  Prior to joining 
the Company, Mr. Fifer was Associate Director of Corporate Development 
with Dynatech Corp., a diversified high-tech manufacturer, from 1991 
to April 1994.  Mr. Fifer also served as President of PYSB, Inc., a 
manufacturer of resin-composite transportation products from 1990 to 
1991.

        William C. McCartney has been Corporate Controller of the Company 
since April 1988.  He joined the Company in 1985 as Controller.  Prior 
to that time he was for four years subsidiary Controller for Gould 
Electronics, Inc., a manufacturer of factory automation equipment.

     Suzanne M. Zabitchuck has been Corporate Counsel of the Company 
since joining the Company in December 1992.  Ms. Zabitchuck was 
appointed Assistant Secretary in August 1993.  Prior to joining the 
Company, she was associated with The Stride Rite Corporation, a shoe 
manufacturer, serving most recently as Associate General Counsel and 
Clerk.

Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

        The information appearing under the caption "Compensation 
Arrangements" in the registrant's definitive proxy statement dated 
September 14, 1994 relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to 
be held on October 18, 1994 is incorporated herein by reference.

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
          MANAGEMENT.

        The information appearing under the caption "Principal and 
Management Stockholders" in the registrant's definitive proxy 
statement dated September 14, 1994 relating to the Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders to be held on October 18, 1994 is incorporated herein by 
reference.

Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

        The information appearing under the caption "Compensation 
Arrangements-Certain Transactions" in the registrant's definitive 
proxy statement dated September 14, 1994 relating to the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on October 18, 1994 is incorporated 
herein by reference.


PART IV

Item 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM     
          8-K.

(a)(1)  Financial Statements

        The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a 
separate section of this Annual Report.

(a)(2)  Schedules
        
        The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a 
separate section of this Annual Report.

(a)(3)  Exhibits

        Exhibits 10.1 - 10.6, 10.8 and 10.24 constitute all of the 
management contracts and compensation plans and arrangements of the 
Company required to be filed as exhibits to this Annual Report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Exhibit No.     Description

        <S>     <C>   

        3.1     Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended.(1)
        3.2     Amended and Restated By-Laws. (2)
        9.1     Horne Family Voting Trust Agreement-1991 dated as of
                  October 31, 1991. (3)
        10.1    Employment Agreement dated as of May 1, 1993 between
                  the Registrant and Timothy P. Horne. (13)
        10.2    Supplemental Compensation Agreement dated as of
                  May 1, 1993 between the Registrant and Timothy P.
                  Horne. (13)
        10.3    Deferred Compensation Agreement between the
                  Registrant and Timothy P. Horne, as amended. (5)
        10.4    1986 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended,
                  including form of Option Agreement. (4)
        10.5    1989 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan, including form
                  of Option Agreement. (4)

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        10.6    Retirement Plan for Salaried Employees, as amended.
                  (6)
        10.7    Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 25,
                  1986. (7)
        10.8    Executive Incentive Bonus Plan. (13)
        10.9    Indenture dated as of December 1, 1991 between the
                  Registrant and The First National Bank of Boston,
                  as Trustee, including form of 8-3/8% Note Due
                  2003. (10)
        10.10   Loan Agreement and Mortgage among The Industrial
                  Development Authority of the State of New
                  Hampshire, Watts Regulator Co. and Arlington
                  Trust Company dated as of August 1, 1985. (5)
        10.11   Amendment Agreement relating to Watts Regulator Co.
                  (Canaan and Franklin, New Hampshire, facilities)
                  financing dated as of December 31, 1985. (5)
        10.12   Sale Agreement between Village of Walden Industrial
                  Development Agency and Spence Engineering 
                  Company, Inc. dated as of June 1, 1994. *
        10.13   Letter of Credit, Reimbursement and Guaranty
                  Agreement dated June 1, 1994 by and among the
                  Registrant, Spence Engineering Company, Inc. and
                  First Union National Bank of North Carolina. *
        10.14   Trust Indenture from Village of Walden Industrial
                  Development Agency to the First National Bank of
                  Boston, as Trustee, dated as of June 1, 1994. *
        10.15   Loan Agreement between Hillsborough County 
                  Industrial Development Authority and Leslie
                  Controls, Inc. dated as of July 1, 1994. *
        10.16   Letter of Credit, Reimbursement and Guaranty
                  Agreement dated July 1, 1994 by and among the
                  Registrant, Leslie Controls, Inc. and First Union
                  National Bank of North Carolina. *
        10.17   Trust Indenture from Hillsborough County Industrial
                  Development Authority to the First National Bank
                  of Boston, as Trustee, dated as of July 1, 1994.*
        10.18   Bond Purchase Agreement among The Rutherford County
                  Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control
                  Financing Authority, Northwestern Bank and
                  Regtrol, Inc. dated as of October 1, 1984. (5)
        10.19   Loan Agreement between The Rutherford County
                  Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control
                  Financing Authority and Regtrol, Inc. dated as of
                  October 1, 1984. (5)
        10.20   Agreement as to Financial Covenants between
                  Northwestern Bank and Watts Regulator Co. dated 
                  as of October 1, 1984. (5)
        10.21   Guaranty Agreement from Watts Regulator Co. to
                  Northwestern Bank dated as of October 1, 1984.
                  (5)
        10.22   Amendment Agreement relating to Regtrol, Inc.
                  financing dated as of January 1, 1986. (5)
        10.23   Amended and Restated Stock Restriction Agreement
                  dated as of October 30, 1991. (3)

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        10.24   Watts Industries, Inc. 1991 Non-Employee Directors'
                  Nonqualified Stock Option Plan. (9)
        10.25   Letters of Credit relating to retrospective paid
                  loss insurance programs. (13)
        10.26   Form of Master Agreement, dated as of April 15, 
                  1986, relating to interest rate swap transaction
                  and forms of related Rate Swap Agreements. (7)
        10.27   Form of Stock Restriction Agreement for management
                  stockholders. (7)
        10.28   Revolving Credit Agreement dated December 23, 1987
                  between Nederlandse Creditbank NV and Watts
                  Regulator (Nederland) B.V. and related Guaranty
                  of Watts Industries, Inc. and Watts Regulator Co.
                  dated December 14, 1987. (8)
        10.29   Loan Agreement dated September 1987 with, and
                  related Mortgage to, N.V. Sallandsche Bank. (8)
        10.30   Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 22,
                  1991 relating to the acquisition by the Registrant
                  of Henry Pratt Company. (11)
        10.31   Agreement of the sale of shares of Intermes, S.p.A.,
                  RIAF Holding A.G. and the participations in
                  Multiscope Due S.R.L. dated as of November 6,
                  1992. (12)
        10.32   Revolving Credit Agreement dated August 30, 1994
                  between and among Watts Investment Company,
                  certain financial institutions, the First National
                  Bank of Boston, as Agent, and the Registrant, as
                  Guarantor. *
          11    Statement Regarding Computation of Earnings per
                  Common Share. +
          13    1994 Annual Report to Stockholders. * (This Report,
                  except for those portions thereof which are
                  expressly incorporated by reference into this
                  Report on Form 10-K, is not to be deemed "filed"
                  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.)
          21    Subsidiaries. *
        23.1    Consent of Ernst & Young, Independent Auditors. +
        23.2    Consent of Deloitte & Touche, Independent Auditors. +
          27    Financial Data Schedule. *

<FN>

(1)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-43983) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 
        1991.  

(2)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on May 15, 1992.

(3)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on November 14, 1991.


<PAGE>
<PAGE>

(4)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on September 28, 1989.
        
(5)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-6515) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 
        1986.

(6)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-6515) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the 
        First Amendment to such Registration Statement on July 30, 1986.

(7)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-6515) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the 
        Second Amendment to such Registration Statement on August 21, 
        1986.

(8)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-27101) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 
        1989.

(9)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K for fiscal 1992 filed 
        with the Securities nd Exchange Commission on March 11, 1993.

(10)    Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on September 16, 1992.

(11)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant's 
        Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
        Commission on September 24, 1991.

(12)    Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Amendment No. 2 to Form 8-K dated November 6, 1992 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 
        1993.

(13)    Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the 
        Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 1993.


*       Filed herewith.

+       Filed herewith as a separate section of this report.

(b)     Reports on Form 8-K.

        The Registrant did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the 
        last quarter of the period covered by this Annual Report.



<PAGE>
<PAGE>

(c)     Exhibits.

        The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a 
        separate section of this Annual Report.

(d)     Financial Statement Schedules.

        The response to this portion of Item 14 is submitted as a 
        separate section of this Annual Report.

</FN>
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


SIGNATURES

        Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly 
authorized.

                                          WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.

                                                /S/ Timothy P. Horne
                                          By:  ---------------------------
                                               Timothy P. Horne
                                               Chairman of the Board, President,
                                               and Chief Executive Officer

DATED:  September 23, 1994
                                

        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on 
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates 
indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Signature              Title                          Date

<S>                     <C>                             <C>


/S/ Timothy P. Horne
- - --------------------    Chairman of the Board,          September 23, 1994
Timothy P. Horne        President and Chief Executive
                        Officer (Principal Executive
                        Officer) and Director

/S/ Kenneth J. McAvoy
- - --------------------    Vice President of Finance       September 23, 1994
Kenneth J. McAvoy       and Treasurer (Principal
                        Financial and Accounting Officer), 
                        Secretary, and Director

/S/ David A. Bloss, Sr.
- - ---------------------   Executive Vice President and    September 23, 1994
David A. Bloss, Sr.     Director

/S/ Frederic B. Horne
- - ---------------------   Corporate Vice President and    September 23, 1994
Frederic B. Horne       Director

/S/ Noah T. Herndon
- - ---------------------   Director                        September 23, 1994
Noah T. Herndon

/S/ Wendy E. Lane
- - ---------------------   Director                        September 23, 1994
Wendy E. Lane

/S/ Gordon W. Moran
- - ---------------------   Director                        September 23, 1994
Gordon W. Moran

/S/ Daniel J. Murphy, III
- - ---------------------   Director                        September 23, 1994
Daniel J. Murphy, III

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                       ITEM 14(a)(1) and (2), (c) and (d)

         LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

                                CERTAIN EXHIBITS

                         FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

                            YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

                             WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.

                          NORTH ANDOVER, MASSACHUSETTS


<PAGE>
<PAGE>


FORM 10-K--ITEM 14(a)(1) AND (2)

WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

LIST OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

The following consolidated financial statements of Watts Industries, Inc. and
subsidiaries, included in the annual report of the registrant to its
shareholders for the year ended June 30, 1994, are incorporated by reference in
Item 8:

         Consolidated balance sheets--June 30, 1994 and 1993

         Statements of consolidated earnings--Years ended June 30, 1994, 1993
 and 1992

         Statements of consolidated stockholders' equity--Years ended June 30,
 1994, 1993 and 1992

         Statements of consolidated cash flows--Years ended June 30, 1994,
 1993 and 1992

         Notes to consolidated financial statements--June 30, 1994

The following consolidated financial statement schedules of Watts Industries,
Inc. and subsidiaries are included in
Item 14(d):

         Schedule I--Marketable Securities--Other Investments

         Schedule II--Amounts Receivable from Related Parties and Underwriters,
                      Promoters and Employees Other than Related Parties

         Schedule V--Property, Plant and Equipment

         Schedule VI--Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization of
                      Property, Plant and Equipment

         Schedule VIII--Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

         Schedule X--Supplementary Income Statement Information

         All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
         accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
         required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and,
         therefore, have been omitted.

Supplemental Reports of Independent Auditors

              
              
 
<PAGE>
             
<PAGE>

              
              Schedule I-Marketable Securities--Other Investments

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                                 June 30, 1994
                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

              Column A                                               Column B         Column C         Column D       Column E
                                                                                                                   Amount at Which
                                                                     Number of                                    Each Portfolio of
                                                                   Shares or Units-                                Equity Security
                                                                      Principal                     Market Value   Issues and Each
                                                                      Amounts of                  of Each Issue at  Other Security
                                                                      Bonds and      Cost of Each   Balance Sheet  Issue Carried in 
 Name of Issuer and Title of Each Issue                                  Notes          Issue           Date       the Balance Sheet

                                                     Maturity Date/
Municipal Bonds                        Rate          Putable Date
<S>                                    <C>            <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>             <C>

Atlantic Highlands NJ                  7.20%           1/01/06          $    55         $    58         $    57         $    57
Colorado Hsg Fin Put                   4.00            8/01/94              565             573             566             566
Duplin Cnty Ctf Partn                  2.75            8/01/94              250             250             250             250
Hillsborough Cnty Fl Util              4.70            8/01/94              875             892             877             877
Indiana St Toll                        9.40            7/01/05            1,000           1,083           1,076           1,076
Maricopa County Ariz Sch Dist          3.38            7/29/17            1,500           1,511           1,501           1,501
Massachusetts Whsl                    13.00            7/01/18              300             335             322             322
Metropolitan Trans Auth                9.88            7/01/15              125             129             128             128
Michigan St Bldg Auth Rev              3.00            4/01/99            1,865           1,874           1,872           1,872
New York City Mun Water Fin A          9.25            6/15/15              500             543             540             540
New York City Ut Series B             10.88            11/15/14             125             138             143             143
New York St Energy Resh                3.00            12/01/14             500             501             501             501
New York St Med Care Facs              9.75            1/15/25              340             372             359             359
New York St Power Auth Rev            10.38            1/01/16              355             392             369             369
Phoenix Ariz Civic Put                 7.00            7/01/27              100             104             100             100
Pueblo County Colo                     5.00            12/01/94             100             101             101             101
Puerto Rico Hsg Bk & Fin AG            7.13            12/01/04             100             107             105             105
Santa Ana Calif Cnty Redev             2.75            9/01/94              520             520             520             520
Student Loan Funding Put               3.70            12/01/01           1,500           1,505           1,500           1,500
Triborough Bridge & Tunnel NY          6.45            1/01/95              200             208             204             204
Triborough Bridge & Tunnel NY          9.00            1/01/11              200             216             215             215
Total Municipal Bonds                                                                    11,412          11,306          11,306

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


        Schedule I-Marketable Securities--Other Investments (continued)

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                                 June 30, 1994
                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                 Column A                                              Column B        Column C     Column D            Column E
                                                                                                                   Amount at Which
                                                                        Number of                                 Each Portfolio of
                                                                     Shares or Units-                              Equity Security 
                                                                        Principal                  Market Value    Issues and Each
                                                                       Amounts of                 of Each Issue at  Other Security
                                                                        Bonds and    Cost of Each   Balance Sheet  Issue Carried in
 Name of Issuer and Title of Each Issue                                   Notes         Issue          Date        the Balance Sheet

                                                          Maturity Date/
U.S. Government Obligations                     Rate       Putable Date

<S>                                             <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>              <C>
U.S. Treasury Note                              3.88%        2/28/95       $ 2,000      $ 2,006      $ 2,006          $ 2,006
U.S. Treasury Note                              3.88         3/31/95         1,000        1,004        1,004            1,004
Total U.S. Government Obligations                                                         3,010        3,010            3,010

Corporate Obligations

AMEX Credit Corp                                5.95%        1/27/95         1,000        1,027        1,010            1,010
American General Corp                           9.50         12/15/94        1,000        1,076        1,017            1,017
Atlantic Richfield Co                           8.65         3/31/95         1,000        1,068        1,034            1,034
Beneficial Corp                                 9.55         5/26/95         1,000        1,076        1,047            1,047
Commercial Credit Group                         6.95         10/01/94        1,000        1,040        1,007            1,007
Dillard Dept Stores                             9.63         5/15/95         1,000        1,083        1,047            1,047
First Chicago Corp                              8.88         9/15/94         1,000        1,065        1,010            1,010
Ford Motor Credit Co                            9.75         11/04/94        1,000        1,081        1,019            1,019
General Electric Co                             5.88         12/01/94        1,000        1,024        1,007            1,007
JP Morgan and Co Inc                            8.88         8/01/94         1,000          533          502              502
Pactel Capital                                  8.95         6/20/95         1,000        1,068        1,044            1,044
Pennsylvania Electric Co Resources GTD          8.50         11/01/94        1,000        1,064        1,015            1,015
Philip Morris Cos Inc                           9.10         11/14/95        1,000        1,039        1,036            1,036
Total Corporate Obligations                                                              13,244       12,795           12,795

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


        Schedule I-Marketable Securities--Other Investments (continued)

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                                 June 30, 1994
                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                  Column A                                                  Column B     Column C      Column D        Column E
                                                                                                                   Amount at Which
                                                                            Number of                             Each Portfolio of
                                                                        Shares or Units-                           Equity Security 
                                                                            Principal                Market Value  Issues and Each
                                                                           Amounts of               of Each Issue   Other Security
                                                                            Bonds and  Cost of Each   at Balance   Issue Carried in
   Name of Issuer and Title of Each Issue                                     Notes       Issue       Sheet Date   the Balance Sheet

                                                          Maturity Date/
Commercial Paper                              Rate         Putable Date
<S>                                           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>

Associates Corp of NA                         4.30%          7/06/94        $  255        $  254        $  254        $  254
Florida Power and Light                       4.24           7/15/94         4,991         4,991         4,991         4,991
Household Fin Corp                            4.20           7/06/94           100           100           100           100
Pennsylvania Power and Light                  4.24           7/15/94         1,497         1,497         1,497         1,497
Total Commercial Paper                                                                     6,842         6,842         6,842

Money Market and Mutual Funds                                           (In thousands)
                                                                             Units
Alliance Capital Reserves                                                       30            30            30            30
Laurel Funds Inc Govt MMII                                                  12,860        12,860        12,860        12,860
Laurel Funds Inc Prime II                                                       76            76            76            76
First Union Treasury MMF                                                       341           341           341           341
Lehman Prime MMF                                                             7,058         7,058         7,058         7,058
Lehman Govt Obligations MMF                                                  4,348         4,348         4,348         4,348
Merrill Lynch Institutional MMF                                                103           103           103           103
Total Money Market and Mutual Funds                                                       24,816        24,816        24,816

Total short-term investments                                                             $59,324       $58,769       $58,769


</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>



     Schedule II-Amounts Receivable from Related Parties and Underwriters,
               Promoters and Employees Other than Related Parties

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Column A                          Column B         Column C               Column D                             Column E
                                                                              Deductions                   Balance at End of Period
                             Balance at Beginning of
   Name of Debtor                    Period            Additions  Amounts Collected   Amounts Written Off   Current     Not Current
<S>                                     <C>              <C>            <C>                  <C>              <C>         <C>

Year ended June 30, 1994:
  Charles W. Grigg,

     Noninterest-bearing note
     receivable due upon sale of
     certain common stock of

     Company                             $222            $185           $407 (1)

Year ended June 30, 1993:
  Charles W. Grigg,

     Noninterest-bearing note
     receivable, due upon sale of
     certain common stock of

     Company                              120             102                                                               $222

Year ended June 30, 1992:
  Charles W. Grigg,

     Noninterest-bearing note
     receivable, due upon sale of
     certain common stock of
     Company                                              120                                                  $120
<FN>

     (1) Amount collected represents the sale of 7,200 shares of Class A Common
         Stock to the Company at $48.50 per share and a cash remittance of $57,800.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


                    Schedule V-Property, Plant and Equipment

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Column A                    Column B              Column C          Column D           Column E            Column F
                               Balance at Beginning                                       Other Changes--Add   Balance at End of
     Classification                 of Period        Additions at Cost(2)  Retirements  (Deduct)--Describe(1)      Period
<S>                                     <C>              <C>                  <C>             <C>                  <C>   

Year ended June 30, 1994:

   Land                                 $ 11,247          $    34                              $   (18)            $ 11,263
   Buildings and improvements             59,951            2,250                                   78               62,279
   Machinery and equipment               142,384           10,050(4)          $9,070             6,288              149,652
   Construction in progress (5)            4,665            8,657                               (6,141)               7,181
Totals                                  $218,247          $20,991             $9,070           $   207             $230,375

Year ended June 30, 1993:

   Land                                 $  8,114          $ 1,842                              $  1,291            $ 11,247
   Buildings and improvements             38,494           17,342(4)                              4,115              59,951
   Machinery and equipment               121,258           13,727(4)          $2,374              9,773             142,384
   Construction in progress (5)            6,674           14,319(4)                            (16,328)              4,665
Totals                                  $174,540          $47,230             $2,374           $ (1,149)           $218,247

Year ended June 30, 1992:

   Land                                 $  7,899          $   256             $   25           $   (16)           $  8,114
   Buildings and improvements             34,556            3,676                358               620              38,494
   Machinery and equipment               100,969           18,244(4)             656             2,701             121,258
   Construction in progress (5)            1,625            7,205(4)                            (2,156)              6,674
Totals                                  $145,049          $29,381             $1,039           $ 1,149            $174,540

<FN>

     (1)  Adjustment due to the effect of exchange ate changes on translating
property,  plant and equipment of foreign subsidiaries in accordance with FASB
Statement No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation." 

     (2) Includes $1,063,000 in 1994, $21,432,000 in 1993 and $11,327,000 
in 1992 of assets of acquired businesses. 

     (3) The annual provisions for depreciation have been computed using the 
straight-line method in accordance  with the  following  range of  percentages:

          Buildings and improvements       2.5% to 10%
          Machinery and equipment          6.7% to 33.3%

 (4) Includes acquisition cost of machinery and assembly centers in:

          Year         Location
          1994         Ontario, Canada 
          1993         Caldero and Trento, Italy and Tottonham, England
          1992         Dixon and Aurora,  Illinois
 
 (5) Certain capital projects are recorded in construction in progress and
allocated to machinery and equipment and buildings and improvements when 
placed into service.

</FN>
</TABLE>
 

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


        Schedule VI-Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
                        of Property, Plant and Equipment

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Column A                    Column B              Column C          Column D           Column E            Column F
                                                      Additions Charged 
                               Balance at Beginning     to Cost and                      Other Changes--Add   Balance at End of
     Description                    of Period             Expenses         Retirements  (Deduct)--Describe(1)      Period

<S>                                  <C>                 <C>                 <C>                <C>               <C> 
Year ended June 30, 1994:

   Buildings and improvements         $ 7,555             $   914                              $    9             $  8,478
   Machinery and equipment             76,431              17,789            $8,660                88               85,648
Totals                                $83,986             $18,703            $8,660            $   97             $ 94,126

Year ended June 30, 1993:

   Buildings and improvements         $ 6,406             $ 1,192                              $ (43)             $ 7,555
   Machinery and equipment             62,761              15,679            $1,571             (438)              76,431
Totals                                $69,167             $16,871            $1,571            $(481)             $83,986

Year ended June 30, 1992:

   Buildings and improvements         $ 5,689             $   723            $   25            $  19              $ 6,406
   Machinery and equipment             49,051              13,977               442              175               62,761
Totals                                $54,740             $14,700            $  467            $ 194              $69,167

<FN>

(1) Adjustment due to the effect of exchange rate changes on translating
    property, plant and equipment of foreign subsidiaries in accordance with
    FASB Statement No. 52, "Foreign Currency Translation."

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>


                Schedule VIII-Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


             Column A               Column B                         Column C                          Column D        Column E
                                                                    Deductions
                             Balance at Beginning of     Charged to Costs      Charged to Other     Deductions--   Balance at End of
            Description             Period                 and Expenses       Accounts--Describe    Describe(1)        Period

<S>                                 <C>                      <C>                   <C>                <C>              <C> 
Year ended June 30, 1994:
 Deducted from asset account:
   Allowance for doubtful
    accounts                         $3,565                   $1,726                $137 (2)           $  940           $4,488

Year ended June 30, 1993:
 Deducted from asset account:
   Allowance for doubtful
    accounts                         $2,586                   $1,460                $808 (2)           $1,289           $3,565

Year ended June 30, 1992:
 Deducted from asset account:
   Allowance for doubtful
    accounts                         $1,642                   $1,393                $264 (2)           $  713           $2,586


<FN>

(1) Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.

(2) Balance acquired in connection with acquisition of Ancon, Inc. in 1994,
    Intermes in 1993 and Henry Pratt Company and Contromatics, Inc. in 1992.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

             Schedule X-Supplementary Income Statement Information

                    Watts Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                             (Amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Column A                                                      Column B

                            Item                                              Charged to Costs and Expenses

                                                                                Fiscal year ended June 30

                                                                      1994                1993                 1992
                                                                      ----                ----                 ----
<S>                                                                  <C>                 <C>                 <C> 

Maintenance and repairs                                              $5,400               $5,265              $5,541

Depreciation and amortization of intangible
   assets (1)

Taxes, other than payroll and income taxes (1)

Royalties (1)

Advertising costs (1)

<FN>

     (1) Amounts for these expenses are not presented as such amounts are less
than 1% of total sales and revenues.
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                                   Exhibit 11

                  Computation of Net Earnings Per Common Share

                             Watts Industries, Inc.

              (Amounts in thousands, except per share information)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 Fiscal year ended June 30
                                                         1994             1993              1992

<S>                                                      <C>              <C>               <C>

Primary
  Average shares outstanding:
    Class A Common Stock, par value $.10                  17,969           18,404            16,516
    Class B Common Stock, par value $.10                  11,488           11,490            11,512
  Net effect of dilutive stock options--based
    upon treasury stock method using
    average market price
                                                             217              196               298
Total                                                     29,674           30,090            28,326

Earnings before cumulative effect of change
 in accounting                                           $41,010          $30,406           $36,625
Cumulative effect of change in accounting                                  (3,132)
Net earnings                                             $41,010          $27,274           $36,625

Earnings per Common Share:

  Earnings before cumulative effect of change
   in accounting                                         $  1.38          $  1.01           $  1.29
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting                                  (.10)
Net earnings                                             $  1.38          $   .91           $  1.29
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
 
                                   Exhibit 11

            Computation of Net Earnings Per Common Share (continued)

                             Watts Industries, Inc.

              (Amounts in thousands, except per share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  Fiscal year ended June 30
                                                          1994             1993              1992
<S>                                                       <C>              <C>               <C>
Fully Diluted
  Average shares outstanding:

    Class A Common Stock, par value $.10                  17,969           18,404            16,516
    Class B Common Stock, par value $.10                  11,488           11,490            11,512
  Net effect of dilutive stock options--based
   upon treasury stock method using ending
   market price, if higher than average
   market price                                              260              204               298
  Assumed conversion of 7 3/4% convertible
     subordinated debentures                                                                  1,754
Total                                                     29,717           30,098            30,080

Earnings before cumulative effect of change
 in accounting                                           $41,010          $30,406           $36,625
Cumulative effect of change in accounting                                  (3,132)
Add 7 3/4% convertible subordinated debentures
   interest, net of income tax effect                                                         1,459
                                                         $41,010          $27,274           $38,084

Earnings per Common Share:

  Earnings before cumulative effect of change
   in accounting                                         $  1.38          $  1.01           $  1.27
  Cumulative effect of change in accounting                                  (.10)
Net earnings                                             $  1.38          $   .91           $  1.27

<FN>


All share and per share information have been restated for all periods presented
above to reflect the stock split effected in March 1994 as discussed in Note 7
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                 
                 
                 Exhibit 23.1--Consent of Independent Auditors

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
of Watts Industries, Inc. of our report dated August 5, 1994, included in the
1994 Annual Report to Shareholders of Watts Industries, Inc.

Our audits also included the financial statements schedules of Watts Industries,
Inc. listed in Item 14(a). These schedules are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our
audits. We did not audit the financial statements of Watts Industries Europe
B.V., a consolidated subsidiary, which statements reflect total assets of
$107,729,000 and $100,219,000 at June 30, 1994 and 1993 and total revenues of
$79,709,000 and $57,645,000 for the years then ended. We have been furnished
with the report of Deloitte & Touche with respect to Schedules V, VI, VIII and X
of Watts Industries Europe B.V. In our opinion, based on our audits and the
report of other auditors, the financial statement schedules referred to above,
when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken
as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 No. 33-30377) pertaining to the 1986
Incentive Stock Option Plan and (Form S-8 No. 33-37926) pertaining to the
Nonqualified Stock Option Plan of Watts Industries, Inc. and in the related
Prospectuses of our report dated August 5, 1994, with respect to the
consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference, and our
report included in the preceding paragraph with respect to the financial
statement schedules included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Watts
Industries, Inc.

                                                                   ERNST & YOUNG

Boston, Massachusetts
September 19, 1994



<PAGE>
<PAGE>


Independent Auditor's Report


Board of Directors
Watts Industries Europe B.V.

We have audited the accompanying financial statements including the 
consolidated/combined financial statements of Watts Industries Europe B.V.
at Eerbeek for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993 (not separately
presented herein) expressed in Dutch Guilders. These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements
based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the Netherlands and the United States of America. Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements.
An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated/combined financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated/combined
financial position of Watts Industries Europe B.V. at June 30, 1994 and
1993 and the results of their operations in the fiscal years then ended in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in The Netherlands.

Generally accepted accounting principles in The Netherlands vary in certain
significant respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States. The application of the latter would have affected the
determination of consolidated/combined net earnings in the years ended
June 30, 1994 and 1993 and the determination of stockholders' equity at
June 30, 1994 and 1993 to the extent summarized in Note G.

Leiden, The Netherlands, August 5, 1994

Deloitte & Touche
Registeraccountants
(signature)
P.C. Spaargaren RA


<PAGE>
<PAGE>



Report of Independent Auditors

Board of Directors
Watts Industries, Inc.

We have audited the financial statements including the consolidated/combined
financial statements of Watts Industries Europe B.V., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Watts Industries, Inc., as of June 30, 1994 and 1993 and for
the years then ended and have issued our report thereon dated August 5, 1994.
Our audits also included financial statement schedules V, VI, VIII and X of
Watts Industries Europe B.V. (not presented separately herein) which
are included in the related schedules of Watts Industries, Inc. in Form 10-K.
These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.

In our opinion, the financial statement schedules of Watts Industries Europe
B.V. referred to above, when considered in relation to the basic financial
statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.

Leiden, The Netherlands, August 5, 1994

Deloitte & Touche
Registeraccountants
(signature)
P.C. Spaargaren RA


<PAGE>
<PAGE>

Exhibit 23.2--
Consent of Independent Auditors


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-8 No. 33-30377) pertaining to the
1986 Incentive Stock Option Plan and Form S-8 (No. 33-37926) pertaining to
the Nonqualified Stock Option Plan of Watts Industries Inc. and in the
related Prospectuses of our report dated August 5, 1994, with respect to the
consolidated combined financial statements of Watts Industries Europe B.V. (not
included herein) and our report dated August 5, 1994, with repect to the
financial statement schedules of Watts Industries Europe B.V. (not included
herein).

Leiden, The Netherlands, September 19, 1994

Deloitte & Touche
Registeraccountants
(signature)
P.C. Spaargaren RA





<PAGE>
EXHIBIT INDEX


        Listed and indexed below are all Exhibits filed as part of this 
Report.  Certain Exhibits are incorporated by reference to documents 
previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    
Exhibit No.     Description

       <S>     <C>    

        3.1     Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended.(1)
        3.2     Amended and Restated By-Laws. (2)
        9.1     Horne Family Voting Trust Agreement-1991 dated as of
                  October 31, 1991. (3)
        10.1    Employment Agreement dated as of May 1, 1993 between
                  the Registrant and Timothy P. Horne. (13)
        10.2    Supplemental Compensation Agreement dated as of
                  May 1, 1993 between the Registrant and Timothy P.
                  Horne. (13)
        10.3    Deferred Compensation Agreement between the
                  Registrant and Timothy P. Horne, as amended. (5)
        10.4    1986 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended,
                  including form of Option Agreement. (4)
        10.5    1989 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan, including form
                  of Option Agreement. (4)
        10.6    Retirement Plan for Salaried Employees, as amended.
                  (6)
        10.7    Registration Rights Agreement dated as of July 25,
                  1986. (7)
        10.8    Executive Incentive Bonus Plan. (13)
        10.9    Indenture dated as of December 1, 1991 between the
                  Registrant and The First National Bank of Boston,
                  as Trustee, including form of 8-3/8% Note Due
                  2003. (10)
        10.10   Loan Agreement and Mortgage among The Industrial
                  Development Authority of the State of New
                  Hampshire, Watts Regulator Co. and Arlington
                  Trust Company dated as of August 1, 1985. (5)
        10.11   Amendment Agreement relating to Watts Regulator Co.
                  (Canaan and Franklin, New Hampshire, facilities)
                  financing dated as of December 31, 1985. (5)
        10.12   Sale Agreement between Village of Walden Industrial
                  Development Agency and Spence Engineering 
                  Company, Inc. dated as of June 1, 1994. *
        10.13   Letter of Credit, Reimbursement and Guaranty
                  Agreement dated June 1, 1994 by and among the
                  Registrant, Spence Engineering Company, Inc. and
                  First Union National Bank of North Carolina. *
        10.14   Trust Indenture from Village of Walden Industrial
                  Development Agency to the First National Bank of
                  Boston, as Trustee, dated as of June 1, 1994. *
        10.15   Loan Agreement between Hillsborough County 
                  Industrial Development Authority and Leslie
                  Controls, Inc. dated as of July 1, 1994. *

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

        10.16   Letter of Credit, Reimbursement and Guaranty
                  Agreement dated July 1, 1994 by and among the
                  Registrant, Leslie Controls, Inc. and First Union
                  National Bank of North Carolina. *
        10.17   Trust Indenture from Hillsborough County Industrial
                  Development Authority to the First National Bank
                  of Boston, as Trustee, dated as of July 1, 1994.*
        10.18   Bond Purchase Agreement among The Rutherford County
                  Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control
                  Financing Authority, Northwestern Bank and
                  Regtrol, Inc. dated as of October 1, 1984. (5)
        10.19   Loan Agreement between The Rutherford County
                  Industrial Facilities and Pollution Control
                  Financing Authority and Regtrol, Inc. dated as of
                  October 1, 1984. (5)
        10.20   Agreement as to Financial Covenants between
                  Northwestern Bank and Watts Regulator Co. dated 
                  as of October 1, 1984. (5)
        10.21   Guaranty Agreement from Watts Regulator Co. to
                  Northwestern Bank dated as of October 1, 1984.
                  (5)
        10.22   Amendment Agreement relating to Regtrol, Inc.
                  financing dated as of January 1, 1986. (5)
        10.23   Amended and Restated Stock Restriction Agreement
                  dated as of October 30, 1991. (3)
        10.24   Watts Industries, Inc. 1991 Non-Employee Directors'
                  Nonqualified Stock Option Plan. (9)
        10.25   Letters of Credit relating to retrospective paid
                  loss insurance programs. (13)
        10.26   Form of Master Agreement, dated as of April 15, 
                  1986, relating to interest rate swap transaction
                  and forms of related Rate Swap Agreements. (7)
        10.27   Form of Stock Restriction Agreement for management
                  stockholders. (7)
        10.28   Revolving Credit Agreement dated December 23, 1987
                  between Nederlandse Creditbank NV and Watts
                  Regulator (Nederland) B.V. and related Guaranty
                  of Watts Industries, Inc. and Watts Regulator Co.
                  dated December 14, 1987. (8)
        10.29   Loan Agreement dated September 1987 with, and
                  related Mortgage to, N.V. Sallandsche Bank. (8)
        10.30   Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 22,
                  1991 relating to the acquisition by the Registrant
                  of Henry Pratt Company. (11)
        10.31   Agreement of the sale of shares of Intermes, S.p.A.,
                  RIAF Holding A.G. and the participations in
                  Multiscope Due S.R.L. dated as of November 6,
                  1992. (12)
        10.32   Revolving Credit Agreement dated August 30, 1994
                  between and among Watts Investment Company,
                  certain financial institutions, The First National
                  Bank of Boston, as Agent, and the Registrant, as
                  Guarantor. *
          11    Statement Regarding Computation of Earnings per
                  Common Share. +

<PAGE>
<PAGE>

          13    1994 Annual Report to Stockholders. * (This Report,
                  except for those portions thereof which are
                  expressly incorporated by reference into this
                  Report on Form 10-K, is not to be deemed "filed"
                  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.)
          21    Subsidiaries. *
        23.1    Consent of Ernst & Young, Independent Auditors. +
        23.2    Consent of Deloitte & Touche, Independent Auditors. +
          27    Financial Data Schedule. *

<FN>

(1)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 33-43983) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 
        1991.  

(2)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on May 15, 1992.

(3)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on November 14, 1991.

(4)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on September 28, 1989.
        
(5)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-6515) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 
        1986.

(6)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-6515) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the 
        First Amendment to such Registration Statement on July 30, 1986.

(7)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-6515) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the 
        Second Amendment to such Registration Statement on August 21, 
        1986.

(8)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-27101) 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 
        1989.

(9)     Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K for fiscal 1992 filed 
        with the Securities nd Exchange Commission on March 11, 1993.

(10)    Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities 
        and Exchange Commission on September 16, 1992.


<PAGE>
<PAGE>

(11)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant's 
        Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
        Commission on September 24, 1991.

(12)    Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's Amendment No. 2 to Form 8-K dated November 6, 1992 
        filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 
        1993.

(13)    Incorporated by reference to the relevant exhibit to the 
        Registrant's  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the 
        Securities and Exchange Commission on September 24, 1993.

*       Filed herewith.

+       Filed herewith as a separate section of this report.

</FN>
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

                                                                 


                              SALE AGREEMENT

                                  between

              VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY


                                    and


                     SPENCE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC.

                              relating to the

                                $7,500,000
              Village of Walden Industrial Development Agency
              Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds
             (Spence Engineering Company Project), Series 1994


        __________________________________________________________

NOTE:     CERTAIN RIGHTS OF THE VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL
          DEVELOPMENT AGENCY UNDER THIS SALE AGREEMENT HAVE BEEN
          ASSIGNED TO, AND ARE SUBJECT TO A SECURITY INTEREST IN
          FAVOR OF, THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, TRUSTEE
          FOR THE OWNERS OF THE BONDS UNDER A TRUST INDENTURE OF
          EVEN DATE HEREWITH, AS AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM
          TIME TO TIME.  INFORMATION CONCERNING SUCH SECURITY
          INTEREST MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE AT 150 ROYALL
          STREET, CANTON, MASSACHUSETTS.
        __________________________________________________________

                         DATED AS OF JUNE 1, 1994





                                                                 
<PAGE>

                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       Page

Parties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
Recitals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1

ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION . . . . . . . . . . . .  2

     Section 1.1.   Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2
     Section 1.2.   Rules of Construction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7

ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  8

     Section 2.1.   Representations by the Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . .  8
     Section 2.2.   Representations, Warranties and Covenants by the
                    Company. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

ARTICLE III         CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

     Section 3.1.   Company Consent to Assignment of Agreement and
                    Execution of Indenture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

ARTICLE IV ISSUANCE OF THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

     Section 4.1.   Agreement to Issue the Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
     Section 4.2.   No Third Party Beneficiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

ARTICLE V  CONVEYANCE OF PROJECT TO ISSUER; SALE OF PROJECT TO
     COMPANY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14

     Section 5.1.   Agreement to Convey to Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . 14
     Section 5.2.   Purchase and Sale of Facility. . . . . . . . . . . . 14
     Section 5.4.   Payment of Purchase Price. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
     Section 5.5.   No Set-Off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
     Section 5.6.   Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
     Section 5.7.   Credits Against the Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
     Section 5.8.   Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement . . . . 16

ARTICLE VI OPERATION; TAXES AND UTILITY
           CHARGES; INSURANCE AND EMINENT DOMAIN . . . . . . . . . . . . 16

     Section 6.1.   Operation of the Project by the Company. . . . . . . 16
     Section 6.2.   Taxes and Utility Charges. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
     Section 6.3.   Insurance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
     Section 6.4.   Eminent Domain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
     Section 6.5.   Application of Net Proceeds of Insurance and
                    Eminent Domain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
     Section 6.6.   Parties to Give Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
     Section 6.7.   No Exemption from Taxes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

ARTICLE VII         SPECIAL COVENANTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19

     Section 7.1.   Access to the Project and Inspection . . . . . . . . 19
     Section 7.2.   Further Assurances and Corrective Instruments. . . . 19
     Section 7.3.   Tax and Arbitrage Covenants; Notice of Event of
                    Taxability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
     Section 7.4.   Recording and Filing; Other Instruments. . . . . . . 21
     Section 7.5.   Administrative Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
     Section 7.6.   Indemnity Against Claims . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
     Section 7.7.   Release and Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
     Section 7.8.   Additional Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     Section 7.9.   Default Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     Section 7.10.  Observe Laws . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     Section 7.11.  Election . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     Section 7.12.  No Warranty of Condition of Suitability by the
           Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24

ARTICLE VIII        ASSIGNMENT, LEASING AND SELLING. . . . . . . . . . . 24

     Section 8.1.   Assignment of this Sale Agreement or Lease or
                    Sale of the Project by the Company . . . . . . . . . 24
     Section 8.2.   Restrictions on Transfer of the Issuer's Rights. . . 25
     Section 8.3.   Assignment by the Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
     Section 8.4.   Merger of Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25

ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26

     Section 9.1.   Events of Default Defined. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
     Section 9.2.   Remedies on Default. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
     Section 9.3.   Application of Amounts Realized in Enforcement of
                    Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
     Section 9.4.   No Remedy Exclusive. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
     Section 9.5.   Agreement to Pay Attorneys' Fees and Expenses. . . . 28
     Section 9.6.   Correlative Waivers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

ARTICLE X  PREPAYMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

     Section 10.1.  Optional Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
     Section 10.2.  Mandatory Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     Section 10.3.  Other Mandatory Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

ARTICLE XI REBATE PROVISIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30

     Section 11.1.  Creation of the Rebate Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . 30

ARTICLE XII         MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30

     Section 12.1.  References to the Bonds Ineffective After Bonds
                    Paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     Section 12.2.  No Implied Waiver. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     Section 12.3.  Issuer Representative. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     Section 12.4.  Company Representative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.5.  Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.6.  If Payment or Performance Date Is Other Than a
                    Business Day . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.7.  Binding Effect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.8.  Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.9.  Amendments, Changes and Modifications. . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.10. Execution in Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.11. Applicable Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.12. No Charge Against Issuer Credit. . . . . . . . . . . 33
     Section 12.13. Issuer Not Liable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
     Section 12.14. Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
     Section 12.15. Amounts Remaining with the Trustee . . . . . . . . . 33

Execution by the Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Execution by the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35

Exhibit A  Promissory Note
Exhibit B  The Project

<PAGE>

                          _______________________

                              SALE AGREEMENT
                          _______________________


     This SALE AGREEMENT, dated as of June 1, 1994, between the VILLAGE OF
WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (the "Issuer"), a corporate
governmental agency, constituting a public benefit corporation created and
existing under the Constitution and laws of the State of New York (the
"State"), and SPENCE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC. (the "Company"), a
corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

                    W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, Title 1 of Article 18-A of the General Municipal Law of the
State of New York (the "Act") was duly enacted into law as Chapter 1030 of
the Laws of 1969 of the State; and

     WHEREAS, the Act authorizes the creation of industrial development
agencies for the benefit of the several counties, cities, villages and
towns in the State and empowers such agencies, among other things, to
promote, develop, encourage and assist in the acquiring, constructing,
reconstructing, improving, maintaining, equipping and furnishing of
industrial, manufacturing, warehousing, commercial, research and recreation
facilities, and thereby advance the job opportunities, health, general
prosperity and economic welfare of the people of the State; and

     WHEREAS, the Act further authorizes each agency to sell any or all of
its facilities on such terms and conditions as it deems advisable, to issue
its bonds for the purpose of carrying out any of its corporate purposes
and, as security for the payment of the principal and redemption price of,
and interest on, any such bonds so issued and any agreements made in
connection therewith, to pledge the revenues and receipts from its
facilities or from the sale thereof; and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Act,
Chapter 632 of the Laws of 1977 of the State, constituting Section 925-a of
the General Municipal Law of the State, as amended (collectively with the
Enabling Act, the "Act"), created the Issuer; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer is authorized and empowered to enter into this
Sale Agreement by the provisions of the Act; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer has heretofore indicated its willingness to issue
industrial revenue bonds under the Act for the purpose of refunding in
whole the outstanding principal amount of the Issuer's Industrial
Development Revenue Bonds (Spence Engineering Company Project), Series 1984
in the original aggregate principal amount of $7,500,000  (the "Prior
Bonds"), the proceeds of which were used to finance, in whole or in part,
the cost of acquiring, constructing and installing a certain project in the
Village of Walden, New York (the "Project") owned and operated by the
Company and located in Orange County; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer has deemed issuance of the Bonds to refund the
Prior Bonds to be expedient; and

     WHEREAS, to obtain funds for such purposes the Issuer will issue and
sell its Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 1994 in the
aggregate principal amount of $7,500,000 dated as of June 1, 1994 (the
"Bonds"), under and pursuant to the Act, to be secured by and contain such
terms and provisions as are set forth in that certain Trust Indenture (the
"Indenture") dated as of June 1, 1994 between the Issuer and The First
National Bank of Boston, Boston, Massachusetts, as Trustee (the "Trustee"),
and the proceeds from the sale of the Bonds shall be deposited with the
Trustee and disbursed in the manner and for the purposes set forth herein
and in the Indenture, all as more fully provided herein and therein; and

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the respective representations and
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto, recognizing that under the
Act, this Sale Agreement shall not be a debt of the State or of the
municipality and neither the State nor the municipality shall be liable
thereon and the Bonds shall be special obligations of the Issuer payable
solely from revenues derived under the provisions of this Sale Agreement,
the Note and from the Credit Facility Issuer under a Credit Facility (each
as hereinafter defined) or derived from the exercise of the rights of the
Issuer thereunder, agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

     Section 1.1.   Definitions.

     In addition to words and terms elsewhere defined in this Sale
Agreement or in the Indenture, the following words and terms shall have the
following meanings:

     "Act" shall mean all applicable provisions of the Constitution and
laws of the State of New York, including without limitation Chapter 1030 of
the Laws of 1969 of the State, constituting Title 1 of Article 18-A of the
General Municipal Law of the State, as amended from time to time, together
with Chapter 632 of the Laws of 1977 of the State, constituting
Section 925-a of the General Municipal Law of the State, as amended from
time to time.

     "Administrative Expenses" shall mean the amounts payable pursuant to
Section 7.5 hereof by the Company to or for the account of the Issuer to
provide for payment of reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the
Issuer.

     "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person
directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or
indirect common control with such Person.  For the purposes of this
definition, "control", when used with respect to a Person, means the power
to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or
indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise, and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.

     "Bond" or "Bonds" shall mean the Village of Walden Industrial
Development Agency Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Spence
Engineering Company Project), Series 1994, authorized to be issued pursuant
to the Bond Resolution in accordance with the Indenture in the aggregate
principal amount of $7,500,000, including such Bonds issued in replacement
for mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Bonds pursuant to Section 210 of
the Indenture.

     "Bond Documents" shall mean collectively the Indenture, the Bonds,
this Sale Agreement, the Note, the Letter of Credit Documents, the Tender
Agency Agreement and the Remarketing Agreement.

     "Bond Resolution" shall mean the resolution adopted by the Issuer on
June 13, 1994 authorizing the execution and delivery of the Issuer
Documents and the issuance of the Bonds by the Issuer.

     "Closing Date" means the date of the issuance and delivery of the
Bonds.

     "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including,
when appropriate, the statutory predecessor of the Code, and all applicable
regulations (whether proposed, temporary or final) under that Code and the
statutory predecessor of the Code, and any official rulings and judicial
determinations under the foregoing applicable to the Bonds.

     "Company" shall mean Spence Engineering Company, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and its successors or assigns and any surviving, resulting or
transferee corporation or other entity.

     "Company Representative" shall mean any one of the persons at the time
designated to act on behalf of the Company by written certificate furnished
to the Issuer and the Trustee containing the specimen signatures of such
persons and signed on behalf of the Company by the President or any duly
authorized Vice President of the Company.

     "Consistent Basis" shall mean, in reference to the application of
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, that the accounting principles
observed in the period referred to are comparable in all material respects
to those applied in the preceding period, except as to any changes
consented to by the Credit Facility Issuer.

     "Counsel" shall mean an attorney or firm of attorneys acceptable to
the Trustee, and may, but need not, be counsel to the Issuer or the
Company.

     "Credit Facility" shall mean the Letter of Credit or any Alternate
Credit Facility delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Article VI of the
Indenture.

     "Credit Facility Issuer" shall mean the Bank with respect to the
Letter of Credit and if applicable the institution issuing any Alternate
Credit Facility.

     "Determination of Taxability" shall be defined as and shall be deemed
to have occurred on the first to occur of the following:

        (i)    on the date when the Company files any statement,
     supplemental statement or other tax schedule, return or document
     (whether pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.103-10(b)(2)(vi),
     as the same may be amended or supplemented, or otherwise) which
     discloses that an Event of Taxability shall have in fact occurred;

       (ii)    on the date when any Bondholder or former Bondholder
     notifies the Company or the Trustee that it has received an approving
     written opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that an Event of
     Taxability shall have occurred unless, within one hundred eighty (180)
     days after receipt by the Company of such notification from the
     Trustee, any Bondholder or any former Bondholder, the Company shall
     obtain and deliver to the Trustee a favorable ruling or determination
     letter issued to or on behalf of the Company by the Commissioner or
     any District Director of Internal Revenue (or any other government
     official exercising the same or a substantially similar function from
     time to time) to the effect that, after taking into consideration such
     facts as form the basis for the opinion that an Event of Taxability
     has occurred, an Event of Taxability shall not have occurred;

      (iii)    on the date when the Company shall be advised in writing by
     the Commissioner or any District Director of Internal Revenue (or any
     other government official or agent exercising the same or a
     substantially similar function from time to time) that, based upon
     filings of the Company, or upon any review or audit of the Company, or
     upon any other ground whatsoever, an Event of Taxability shall have
     occurred;

       (iv)    on the date when the Company shall receive notice in writing
     from any Bondholder or former Bondholder, or from the Trustee, that
     the Internal Revenue Service (or any other government agency
     exercising the same or a substantially similar function from time to
     time) has assessed as includable in the gross income of any Bondholder
     or former Bondholder the interest on such Bondholder's or former
     Bondholder's Bond due to the occurrence of an Event of Taxability;
     provided, however, no Determination of Taxability shall be deemed to
     have occurred under subparagraph (iii) or (iv) hereof unless the
     Company has been afforded the opportunity, at its expense, to contest
     any such assessment or unfavorable ruling and, further, no
     Determination of Taxability shall be deemed to have occurred until
     such contest, if made, has been finally determined.

     "Eminent Domain" shall mean the taking of title to, or the temporary
use of, the Project or any part thereof pursuant to eminent domain or
condemnation proceedings, or any voluntary conveyance of any part of the
Project during the pendency of, or as a result of a threat of, such
proceedings.

     "Event of Default" or "Default" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof.

     "Event of Taxability" shall mean a change in law or fact or the
interpretation thereof, or the occurrence or existence of any fact, event
or circumstance (including, without limitation, the issuance of obligations
or the incurring of capital expenditures in excess of those permitted by
Section 103(b)(6)(D) of the 1954 Code, or the taking of any action by the
Company, or the failure to take any action by the Company, or the making by
the Company of misrepresentation herein or in any certificate required to
be given in connection with the issuance, sale or delivery of the Bonds)
which has the effect of causing the interest paid or payable on any Bond to
become includable in the gross income of any Bondholder or former
Bondholder of any Bond other than a Bondholder or former Bondholder who is
or was a "substantial user" or "related person" as such terms are used in
Section 147(a) of the Code.

     "Financing Statements" means any and all financing statements
(including continuation statements) filed for record from time to time to
perfect the security interests created or assigned hereby or by the
Indenture.

     "Generally Accepted Accounting Principles" shall mean those principles
of accounting set forth in pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board and its predecessors or pronouncements of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants or those principles of accounting
which have other substantial authoritative support and are applicable in
the circumstances as of the date of application, as such principles are
from time to time supplemented and amended.

     "Indenture" shall mean the Trust Indenture of even date herewith by
and between the Issuer and the Trustee, together with any amendments or
supplements thereof permitted thereby.

     "Issuer" shall mean Village of Walden Industrial Development Agency
and its successors and assigns.

     "Issuer Documents" shall mean collectively the Indenture and this Sale
Agreement.

     "Issuer Representative" shall mean any one of the persons at the time
designated to act on behalf of the Issuer by written certificate furnished
to the Company and the Trustee containing the specimen signatures of such
persons and signed on behalf of the Issuer by the Chairman.

     "Letter of Credit Documents" shall mean the Letter of Credit, the
Reimbursement Agreement and the Pledge Agreement.

     "Net Proceeds" means the proceeds received by the Issuer from the sale
of the Bonds including all earnings and profits thereon but excluding any
proceeds deposited in a reasonably required reserve or replacement fund. 
When used with respect to any insurance proceeds or award resulting from,
or other amount received in connection with, Eminent Domain, the term "Net
Proceeds" shall mean the gross proceeds from such proceeds, award or other
amount, less all expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in the
realization thereof.

     "1954 Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended
through August 15, 1986, and all applicable regulations (whether proposed,
temporary or final) thereunder and any official rulings and determinations
under the foregoing applicable to the Bonds or the Prior Bonds.

     "Note"  shall mean the promissory note given by the Company pursuant
to Section 5.4 of this Sale Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit
"A" attached hereto.

     "Overdue Rate" shall mean the Prime Rate plus two percent, or the
maximum contract rate permitted by law, whichever is lower.

     "Payment of the Bonds" shall mean payment of (i) the principal of and
interest on the Bonds in accordance with their terms whether through
payment at maturity, upon acceleration or prepayment, (ii) all amounts due
as Administrative Expenses or otherwise, and (iii) any and all other
liabilities and obligations arising under the Indenture and this Sale
Agreement, in any case, in such a manner that all such amounts due and
owing with respect to the Bonds shall have been paid.

     "Permitted Encumbrances" shall mean, as of any particular time, liens
for ad valorem and special assessments, if any, which are not then
delinquent or which are being contested in good faith.

     "Person" shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation, trust,
unincorporated organization, association, joint venture, joint-stock
company, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof.

     "Prime Rate" shall mean that rate of interest per annum announced by
First Union National Bank of North Carolina at its principal office in
Charlotte, North Carolina, from time to time to be its prime rate.

     "Project" shall mean the land or buildings and other improvements
thereon, and all machinery, equipment, apparatus, office furnishings and
other property financed in whole or in part with the proceeds of the Prior
Bonds, including any substitutions therefor and any repairs, renewals and
replacements thereof from time to time, including the real property
described in Exhibit "B" attached hereto and by this reference made a part
hereof.  

     "Rebate Fund" means the Fund of that name created pursuant to Section
504 of the Indenture and described in Section 11.1 hereof.

     "Regulations" shall mean the applicable Treasury Regulations under
Sections 103 and 141 through 150 of the Code whether at the time proposed,
temporary, final or otherwise.

     "Reimbursement Agreement" shall mean the Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement of even date herewith by and among the
Company, Watts Industries, Inc. as guarantor, and the Bank, and any
supplements or amendments thereto.

     "Related Person" means "related person"  within the meaning of Section
103(b)(6)(C) of the 1954 Code by reference to Sections 267, 707(b) and
1563(a) of the 1954 Code, except that fifty percent is substituted for
eighty percent in Section 1563(a).

     "Sale Agreement" shall mean this Sale Agreement and any amendments and
supplements thereto permitted by the Indenture.

     "Security interest" or "security interests" shall refer to the
security interests created in the Indenture and shall have the meaning set
forth in the U.C.C.

     "State" shall mean the State of New York.

     "Tax Regulatory Certificate" shall mean the certificate of the
Company, dated the date of delivery of the Bonds, setting forth certain
facts, estimates and circumstances with respect to the Bonds.  

     "Trustee" shall mean the banking institution at the time serving as
Trustee under the Indenture.
     
     Section 1.2.   Rules of Construction.

     (a)  Words of masculine gender shall be deemed and construed to
include correlative words of the feminine and neuter genders, and words of
the neuter gender shall be deemed and construed to include correlative
words of the masculine and feminine genders.

     (b)  The table of contents, captions and headings in this Sale
Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define, limit or describe
the scope or intent of any provisions or Sections of this Sale Agreement.

     (c)  All references herein to particular Articles or Sections are
references to Articles or Sections of this Sale Agreement unless some other
reference is established.

     (d)  All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be
construed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
applied on a Consistent Basis.

     (e)  All references herein to the Company shall be deemed to refer to
each of the Persons if more than one are described by such term and any
agreement, obligation, duty or liability of the Company shall be a joint
and several agreement, obligation, duty or liability of each of the Persons
so described by such term.

     (f)  Any terms not defined herein but defined in any of the other Bond
Documents shall have the same meaning herein.


                                ARTICLE II

                              REPRESENTATIONS

     Section 2.1.   Representations by the Issuer.

     The Issuer makes the following representations as the basis for the
undertakings on its part herein contained:

     (a)  Organization and Authority.  The Issuer is a corporate
governmental agency, constituting a public benefit corporation of the State
of New York created and existing under the Constitution and laws of the
State of New York.  The Issuer has all requisite power and authority under
the Act to (i) adopt the Bond Resolution, (ii) issue the Bonds, (iii) use
the proceeds thereof to refund the Prior Bonds, and (iv) enter into, and
perform its obligations under the Issuer Documents; and has deemed the
issuance of the Bonds to refund the Prior Bonds to be expedient.

     (b)  Pending Litigation.  There are no actions, suits, proceedings,
inquiries or investigations pending, or to the knowledge of the Issuer
threatened, against or affecting the Issuer in any court or before any
governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal, which involve the
possibility of materially and adversely affecting the transactions
contemplated by the Issuer Documents or which, in any way, would adversely
affect the validity or enforceability of the Bonds, the Issuer Documents or
any agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party and which is
used or contemplated for use in the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or the ability of the Issuer to perform its
respective obligations hereunder and thereunder.

     (c)  Agreements Are Legal and Authorized.  The adoption of the Bond
Resolution, the issuance and sale of the Bonds and the execution and
delivery by the Issuer of the Issuer Documents and the compliance by the
Issuer with all of the provisions of each thereof and of the Bonds (i) are
within the purposes, powers and authority of the Issuer, (ii) have been
done in full compliance with the provisions of the Act, are legal and will
not conflict with or constitute on the part of the Issuer a violation of or
a breach of or default under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any property of the Issuer (other than as contemplated
by this Sale Agreement and the Indenture) under the provisions of, any
charter instrument, by-law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note
agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party
or by which the Issuer is bound, or any license, judgment, decree, law,
statute, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or
body having jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its activities or
properties, and (iii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Issuer.

     (d)  Governmental Consents.  Neither the nature of the Issuer nor any
of its activities or properties, nor any relationship between the Issuer
and any other person, nor any circumstance in connection with the offer,
issue, sale or delivery of any of the Bonds is such as to require the
consent, approval or authorization of, or the filing, registration or
qualification with, any governmental authority on the part of the Issuer in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Issuer
Documents or the offer, issue, sale or delivery of the Bonds, other than
those already obtained, which include (i) the compliance with the
information reporting requirements contained in Section 149(e) of the Code,
(ii) the public approval of the issuance of the Bonds contained in Section
147(f) of the Code, and (iii) the filing of Financing Statements perfecting
the security interests created under the Indenture; provided, however, no
representation is made herein as to compliance with the securities or "blue
sky" laws of any jurisdiction.

     (e)  No Defaults.  No event has occurred and no condition exists with
respect to the Issuer which would constitute an Event of Default as defined
in this Sale Agreement or the Indenture or which, with the lapse of time or
with the giving of notice or both, would become an Event of Default under
this Sale Agreement or the Indenture. The Issuer is not in default under
the Act or under any charter instrument or by-law.

     (f)  No Prior Pledge.  Neither this Sale Agreement nor any of the
revenues pledged under the Indenture have been pledged or hypothecated in
any manner or for any purpose other than as provided in the Indenture as
security for the payment of the Bonds.

     (g)  Nature and Location of Project.  The refinancing of the costs of
the Project is in furtherance of the public purpose intended to be served
by the Act and is specifically authorized by the Act.  The Project is
located wholly within the geographic limits of the Issuer.  

     (h)  Public Hearing and Approval.  A public hearing was duly held by
the Issuer on June 13, 1994, upon reasonable public notice, at which
hearing members of the public were afforded reasonable opportunity to be
heard on all matters pertaining to the location and nature of the Project
and the refinancing thereof and to the issuance of the Bonds.  On June 13,
1994, after the above mentioned public hearing, the issuance of the Bonds
was approved by the Issuer.

     (i)  Due Authorization.  By the Bond Resolution the Issuer has
authorized the issuance and sale of the Bonds to provide funds for
refunding, by payment and redemption, the Prior Bonds, and authorized and
approved the Issuer's execution, delivery and performance of the Issuer
Documents, the endorsement of the Note and the other instruments
contemplated hereby to be executed and delivered by the Issuer, which Bond
Resolution has not been amended, modified or rescinded and continues to be
in full force and effect.

     (j)  Limited Obligations.  Notwithstanding anything herein contained
to the contrary, any obligation the Issuer may hereby incur for the payment
of money shall not be a debt of the State or of the Village of Walden and
neither the State nor the Village of Walden shall be liable thereon and the
Bonds shall be special obligations of the Issuer payable solely from (i)
the revenues hereunder and under the Note, (ii) revenues derived from the
sale of the Bonds, and (iii) amounts on deposit from time to time in the
Bond Fund, subject to the provisions of this Sale Agreement and the
Indenture permitting the application thereof for the purposes and on the
terms and conditions set forth herein and therein.

     (k)  Issuance of Bonds.  To accomplish the foregoing, the Issuer
proposes to issue $7,500,000 in aggregate principal amount of its Bonds
immediately following the execution and delivery of this Sale Agreement. 
The date, denominations, interest rate, maturity date, redemption
provisions and other pertinent provisions with respect to the Bonds are set
forth in the Indenture (particularly Articles II and III thereof).

     (l)  Validity of Issuer Documents.  When duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Issuer, and assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by the Company of this Sale Agreement, and the due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Trustee of the Indenture, each of the Issuer
Documents shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Issuer
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

     (m)  Representations and Other Written Statements.  Neither the
representations of the Issuer contained in this Sale Agreement or the
Indenture nor any written statement relating to the Issuer furnished to the
original purchasers of the Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, contains any untrue
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements contained herein and therein not misleading.

     Section 2.2.   Representations, Warranties and Covenants by the
                    Company.

     The Company makes the following representations as the basis for the
undertakings on its part herein contained:

     (a)  Corporate Organization and Power.  The Company is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware and is qualified to do business and is in good standing
under the laws of the State.

     (b)  Pending Litigation.  There are no proceedings pending, or to the
knowledge of the Company threatened against or affecting the Company in any
court or before any governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal
which are likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Sale Agreement and the Bond
Documents to which it is a party.

     (c)  Agreements Are Legal and Authorized.  The execution and delivery
by the Company of this Sale Agreement, the Note and the Bond Documents to
which it is a party and the compliance by the Company with all of the
provisions hereof (and thereof) (i) are within the corporate power of the
Company, (ii) after giving effect to the redemption of the Prior Bonds will
not conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of, or
constitute a default under any agreement, charter document, by-law or other
instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it may be bound, and
(iii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company.

     (d)  No Defaults.  No event has occurred and no condition exists with
respect to the Company that would constitute an Event of Default under this
Sale Agreement, the Note, the Bond Documents to which it is a party or the
Indenture or which, with the lapse of time or with the giving of notice or
both, would become an Event of Default under this Sale Agreement, the Note,
the Indenture or the Bond Documents to which it is a party.

     (e)  Nature and Location of Project.  The Project has been completed
in accordance with the Project Summary (described in Exhibit "B" attached
hereto and made a part hereof), constitutes a "project" within the meaning
of the Act and is located wholly within the geographic limits of the
Issuer.

     (f)  Ownership and Operation of Project.  The Company presently
intends to operate the Project as a manufacturing facility from the date
hereof to the expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement as
provided herein, and as a "project" within the meaning of the Act.  

     (g)  Removal of Facility.  The providing of the Project by the Issuer
and the sale thereof by the Issuer to the Company either (i) will not
result in the removal of a plant, facility or other commercial activity of
the Company from one area of the State to another area of the State nor
result in the abandonment of one or more plants or facilities of the
Company located within the State, or (ii) is reasonably necessary to
discourage the Company from removing such other plant or facility to a
location outside the State or (iii) is reasonably necessary to preserve the
Company's competitive position in its industry.

     (h)  Disclosure Documents.  Except as reflected or referenced in the
Private Placement Memorandum dated June 17, 1994 relating to the Bonds,
including the documents incorporated therein by reference (the "Private
Placement Memorandum"), there have been no changes in the assets or
liabilities or financial condition of the Company, other than changes in
the ordinary course of business, which in the aggregate are materially
adverse with respect to the Company's ability to perform its obligations
under this Sale Agreement or the Bond Documents to which it is a party. 
There were no material liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of the Company
which were not reflected or referenced in the Private Placement Memorandum,
and the Company has not entered into any commitments or contracts since the
date of the Private Placement Memorandum which are not reflected or
referenced in the Private Placement Memorandum, other than in the ordinary
and normal course of its business, which might, in light of any fact or
condition presently known to the Company, have a materially adverse effect
upon the financial condition, operations or business of the Company or its
ability to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.  

     (i)  Issuance of Private Activity Bonds.  The Company has not caused
or will not cause the issuance of "private activity" bonds (as defined in
the Code) or of "industrial development bonds" (as defined in the 1954
Code) on its behalf in any jurisdiction of the United States during the
30-day period commencing 15 days prior to the issuance of the Bonds.

     (j)  Use of Proceeds of Bonds.  The Company shall not permit the
proceeds of the Bonds to be used in any manner, nor shall it make any
expenditures with respect to the Project or perform or permit any act,
which would cause the Bonds to fail to meet the requirements of Section
147(b) of the Code.

     (k)  No Further Approval.  No authorization, approval, consent, permit
or license of any regulatory body or authority, not already obtained, is
required on the part of the Company for the valid and lawful execution and
delivery of this Sale Agreement and the Note.

     (l)  Other Events.  To the best knowledge of the Company, no event has
occurred which, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both,
would give any creditor of the Company the right to accelerate the maturity
of any of such party's outstanding indebtedness for money borrowed.

     (m)  Certificates and Documents.  The certificates and all other
documents delivered and to be delivered by the Company in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Note and the other
Bond Documents to which it is a party as of their respective dates, taken
as a whole, do not and will not include any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
herein and therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are
or will be made, not misleading.  The certificates and all other documents
delivered and to be delivered by the Company or its representatives in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the
Note and the Bond Documents to which it is a party are or will be on the
dates on which they are or will be delivered true and complete in all
material respects.

     (n)  Use of Proceeds.  All of the proceeds of the sale of the Bonds
will be applied to redeem the principal of the Prior Bonds on the
Redemption Date.  None of the proceeds of the sale of the Bonds will be
applied to pay issuance costs of the Bonds or to pay costs of the
refunding.  Investment earnings on money on deposit in the Redemption Fund
may be used to pay interest on the Bonds on the Redemption Date.  The
Company and the Issuer have made arrangements with the Trustee to give the
notice of such redemption as required under the Indenture.  

     (o)  Matters Relating to Tax Exemption.  The Company will not take or
omit to take any action which would impair the exclusion of the interest on
the Bonds from the gross income of the recipients thereof for federal
income tax purposes, and will comply with all of its covenants and
agreements contained in the Tax Regulatory Certificate.

     (p)  Certain Arbitrage Matters.  After the expiration of any
applicable temporary period under Section 148(d)(3) of the Code, at no time
during any bond year will the aggregate amount of gross proceeds of the
Bonds invested in higher yielding investments (within the meaning of
Section 148(b) of the Code) exceed one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the
debt service on the Bonds for such bond year and the aggregate amount of
gross proceeds of the Bonds invested in higher yielding investments, if
any, will be promptly and appropriately reduced as the amount of
outstanding Bonds are reduced, provided however that the foregoing shall
not require the sale or disposition of any investments in higher yielding
investments if such sale or disposition would result in a loss which
exceeds the amount which would be paid to the United States pursuant to
Section 703 of the Indenture (but for such sale or disposition) at the time
of such sale or disposition if a payment under Section 703 of the Indenture
were due at such time.  At no time will any funds constituting gross
proceeds of the Bonds be used in a manner as to constitute failure of
compliance with Section 148 of the Code.  The terms "bond year", "gross
proceeds", "higher yielding investments", "yield", and "debt service" have
the meanings assigned to them for purposes of Section 148 of the Code.

     (q)  Tax Regulatory Certificate.  The Company's Tax Regulatory
Certificate executed and delivered by the Company concurrently with the
issuance and delivery of the Bonds is true, accurate and complete in all
material respects as of the date on which executed and delivered.


                                ARTICLE III

                           CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT

     Section 3.1.   Company Consent to Assignment of Agreement and
                    Execution of Indenture.

     The Company understands that the Issuer, as security for the payment
of the principal of, and the interest on, the Bonds, will assign and pledge
to, and create a security interest in favor of, the Trustee pursuant to the
Indenture in, certain of its rights, title and interest in and to this
Agreement including all Pledged Revenues, reserving, however, its rights
(a) pursuant to this Agreement providing that notices, approvals, consents,
requests and other communications be given to the Issuer, (b) to
reimbursement and payment of costs and expenses under this Agreement, and
(c) to indemnification and to exemption from liability, both individual and
corporate, as provided under this Sale Agreement, and the Company hereby
agrees and consents to such assignment and pledge.  The Company
acknowledges that it has received a copy of the Indenture and consents to
the execution of the same by the Issuer.


                                ARTICLE IV

                           ISSUANCE OF THE BONDS

     Section 4.1.   Agreement to Issue the Bonds.

     To provide funds for redemption of the Prior Bonds, the Issuer agrees
that it will authorize, validate, sell, issue and deliver the Bonds in the
aggregate principal amount of $7,500,000 in the manner set forth in the
Indenture and cause the proceeds of the Bonds to be applied as provided in
the Indenture.

     Section 4.2.   No Third Party Beneficiary.

     It is specifically agreed between the parties executing this Sale
Agreement that it is not intended by any of the provisions of any part of
this Sale Agreement to create in the public or any member thereof, other
than as may be expressly provided herein or as contemplated in the
Indenture, a third party beneficiary hereunder, or to authorize anyone not
a party to this Sale Agreement to maintain a suit for personal injuries or
property damage pursuant to the terms or provisions of this Sale Agreement. 
The duties, obligations, and responsibilities of the parties to this Sale
Agreement with respect to third parties shall remain as imposed by law.


                                 ARTICLE V

        CONVEYANCE OF PROJECT TO ISSUER; SALE OF PROJECT TO COMPANY

     Section 5.1.   Agreement to Convey to Issuer.  The Company has
conveyed, or has caused to be conveyed, or will convey, or will cause to be
conveyed, to the Issuer all of the Company's interest in the Project.

     Section 5.2.   Purchase and Sale of Facility.  The Issuer hereby or
agrees to sell the Project to the Company on or after the Closing Date,
upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Company agrees to
purchase the same upon tender.

     Section 5.3.   Vesting of Title in Company.  (a) On or after the
Closing Date, the Issuer shall convey title to the Project to the Company,
subject to such liens as existed when the Project was acquired by the
Issuer.

     (b)  The Issuer shall, at the sole expense of the Company, execute,
deliver, and record or file such instruments, and shall take such other
action as may be deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company to evidence
or confirm such title.

     Section 5.4.   Payment of Purchase Price.  The Company shall pay the
purchase price of the Project sold hereunder by delivering the Note to the
Issuer and making payments in accordance with the terms thereof.  Upon the
execution hereof the Company will execute and deliver the Note, in the form
attached as Exhibit "A" hereto, and the Issuer will endorse the Note
without recourse to the order of, and pledge the Note and assign this Sale
Agreement and the Note to, the Trustee, as the assignee of the Issuer under
the Indenture, contemporaneously with the issuance of the Bonds.

     Section 5.5.   No Set-Off.

     The obligation of the Company to make the payments required by the
Note shall be absolute and unconditional.  The Company will pay without
abatement, diminution or deduction (whether for taxes or otherwise) all
such amounts regardless of any cause or circumstance whatsoever including,
without limitation, any defense, set-off, recoupment or counterclaim that
the Company may have or assert against the Issuer, the Trustee, any
Bondholder or any other person.

     Section 5.6.   Prepayments.

     The Company may prepay all or any part of the purchase price of the
Project, as evidenced by the Note, as provided in Section 701 of the
Indenture with respect to prepayment of the Bonds.  Except as provided in
this Section 5.6 and in Sections 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 hereof, the Company
shall not be entitled to prepay the Note or cause the Bonds to be prepaid. 
The Company shall prepay all of the amounts it is required to prepay as
provided in Sections 10.2 and 10.3 hereof.

     Section 5.7.   Credits Against the Note.

     To the extent that principal of or interest on the Bonds shall be
paid, there shall be credited against the unpaid principal of or interest
on the Note, as the case may be, an amount equal to the principal of or
interest on the Bonds so paid.  If the principal of and interest on and
other amounts payable under the Bonds shall have been paid sufficiently
that Payment of the Bonds shall have occurred, then the Note, ipso facto,
shall be deemed to have been paid in full, the Company's obligations
thereon shall be discharged (with the exception of the obligation of the
Company to make certain payments which may subsequently arise as a result
of a Determination of Taxability which shall survive notwithstanding
Payment of the Bonds), and the Note shall be cancelled and surrendered to
the Company.

     Section 5.8.   Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement.

     As a further condition to the Issuer's sale of the Project to the
Company, the Company shall:

     (a)  cause the Letter of Credit to be issued and delivered to the
Trustee as security for the Bonds.  Until the Conversion Date, the Company
shall cause a Credit Facility meeting the requirements of Section 603 of
the Indenture to be maintained with the Trustee; and

     (b)  enter into the Reimbursement Agreement with the Bank in form and
substance satisfactory to the Bank and execute and deliver the other Letter
of Credit Documents required by the Bank.


                                ARTICLE VI

                       OPERATION; TAXES AND UTILITY
                   CHARGES; INSURANCE AND EMINENT DOMAIN

     Section 6.1.   Operation of the Project by the Company.

     (a)  The Company shall pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses
of operation and maintenance of the Project.

     (b)  The Company may, at its own expense, make from time to time any
additions, modifications or improvements to the Project that it may deem
desirable for its business purposes.

     Section 6.2.   Taxes and Utility Charges.

     (a)  The Company shall pay as the same respectively become due, (1)
all taxes, assessments, levies, claims and charges of any kind whatsoever
that may at any time be lawfully assessed or levied against or with respect
to the Project (including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, any tax upon or with respect to the income or profits of the
Issuer from the Project and that, if not paid, would become a charge on the
payments to be made under this Sale Agreement or the Note prior to or on a
parity with the charge thereon created by the Indenture and including ad
valorem, sales and excise taxes, assessments and charges upon the Company's
interest in the Project), (2) all utility and other charges incurred in the
operation, maintenance, use, occupancy and upkeep of the Project and (3)
all assessments and charges lawfully made by any governmental body for
public improvements that may be secured by a lien on any portion of the
Project.

     (b)  The Company may, at its expense, contest in good faith any such
levy, tax, assessment, claim or other charge.  The Issuer and the Trustee,
at the expense of the Company, will cooperate fully in any such permitted
contest.

     (c)  The Company shall furnish the Issuer and the Trustee, upon
request, with proof of payment of any taxes, governmental charges, utility
charges, insurance premiums or other charges required to be paid by the
Company under this Sale Agreement.

     Section 6.3.   Insurance.

     Until Payment of the Bonds shall be made, the Company will keep the
Project properly and continuously insured against such risks as are
customarily insured against by businesses of like size and type engaged in
the same or similar manufacturing operations (other than business
interruption insurance).

     Section 6.4.   Eminent Domain.

     Unless the Company shall have prepaid the Note pursuant to the
provisions of Article X hereof, in the event that title to, or the
temporary use of, the Project, or any part thereof shall be taken by
Eminent Domain, the Company shall be obligated to continue to make the
payments required to be made pursuant to the Note and the Net Proceeds
received as a result of such Eminent Domain shall be applied as provided in
Section 6.5(b) hereof.

     Section 6.5.   Application of Net Proceeds of Insurance and Eminent
                    Domain.

     (a)  The Net Proceeds of the insurance carried with respect to the
Project shall be applied by the Company toward extinguishment of the defect
or claim or satisfaction of the liability with respect to which such
insurance proceeds may be paid.

     (b)  The Net Proceeds of the insurance carried with respect to the
Project (excluding the Net Proceeds of any business interruption insurance,
which shall be paid to the Company), and the Net Proceeds resulting from
Eminent Domain, except as hereinafter provided, shall be paid to the
Trustee and applied as follows:

          (1)  If the amount of the Net Proceeds does not exceed $500,000,
     the Net Proceeds shall be paid to the Company and shall be applied to
     the repair, replacement, renewal or improvement of the Project or at
     the Company's election paid to the Trustee and applied as provided in
     (2)(B) below.

          (2)  If the amount of the Net Proceeds exceeds $500,000, the Net
     Proceeds shall be paid to and held by the Trustee as a special trust
     fund and invested in accordance with Section 602 of the Indenture and
     the provisions of Article XI hereof pending receipt of written
     instructions from the Company.  At the option of the Company, to be
     exercised within the period of ninety (90) days from the receipt by
     the Trustee of such Net Proceeds, the Company shall advise the Trustee
     that (A) the Company will use the Net Proceeds for the repair,
     replacement, renewal or improvement of the Project (such funds to be
     delivered by the Trustee to the Company), or (B) the Net Proceeds
     shall be applied to the prepayment of the Bonds as provided in
     Article X hereof.  If the Company does not advise the Trustee within
     said period of ninety (90) days that it elects to proceed under clause
     (A) to use such Net Proceeds for the repair, replacement, renewal or
     improvement of the Project, such Net Proceeds shall be applied to the
     repayment of the Bonds pursuant to Article X hereof.  Any prepayment
     pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be effected on the next
     Interest Payment Date not less than thirty (30) days after the
     expiration of said period of ninety (90) days without an election by
     the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as a Credit Facility is in effect,
in the event of any inconsistency between the terms contained in this
Agreement and those contained in the Reimbursement Agreement, the
provisions of the Reimbursement Agreement should be deemed to control in
accordance with its terms.

     (c)  The Company agrees that if it shall elect to use the moneys paid
to the Trustee pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of this Section 6.5 for the
repair, replacement, renewal or improvement of the Project, it will restore
the Project, or cause the same to be done, to a condition substantially
equivalent to its condition prior to the occurrence of the event to which
the Net Proceeds were attributable.  To the extent that the Net Proceeds
are not sufficient to restore or replace the Project, the Company shall use
its own funds to restore or replace the Project.  Any balance remaining
after any such application of such Net Proceeds shall be paid to the
Company.  The Company shall be entitled to the Net Proceeds of any
insurance or resulting from Eminent Domain relating to property of the
Company not included in the Project and not providing security for the Note
or this Sale Agreement.

     Section 6.6.   Parties to Give Notice.

     In case of any material damage to or destruction of all or any part of
the Project, the Company shall give prompt notice thereof to the Issuer,
the Credit Facility Issuer and the Trustee.  In case of a taking or
proposed taking of all or any part of the Project or any right therein by
Eminent Domain, the Company shall give prompt notice thereof to the Issuer,
the Credit Facility Issuer and the Trustee.  Each such notice shall
describe generally the nature and extent of such damage, destruction,
taking loss, proceeding or negotiations.

     Section 6.7.   No Exemption from Taxes.

     It is recognized that under the provisions of the Act the Issuer is
required to pay no taxes or assessments upon any of the property acquired
by it or under its jurisdiction or control or supervision or upon its
activities.  If for any reason the Project shall be deemed to be the
property of the Issuer or in the jurisdiction, control or supervision of
the Issuer and thereby exempt from the payment of real property taxes, then
the Company and the Issuer agree, that the Company shall be required to
make payments in lieu of land taxes to the school district or school
districts, city, town, county, village and other political units wherein
the Project is located having taxing powers (such political units being
hereinafter collectively referred to as "Taxing Entities") in such amounts
as would result from taxes levied on the Project by the respective Taxing
Entities if the Project were privately owned by the Company and not the
Issuer, but with appropriate reductions similar to the tax exemptions, if
any, which would be afforded to the Company if it were the owner of the
Project.  It is agreed that the Issuer, in cooperation with the Company,
(i) shall cause the Project to be valued for purposes of determining the
amounts due hereunder as if owned by the Company as aforesaid by the
appropriate officer or officers of any of the respective Taxing Entities as
may from time to time be charged with responsibility for making such
valuations; (ii) shall cause to be appropriately applied to the valuation
or valuations so determined the respective tax rate or rates of such Taxing
Entities that would be applicable to the Project if so privately owned;
(iii) shall cause the respective appropriate officer or officers of such
Taxing Entities charged with the duty of levying and collecting such taxes
to submit to the Company, when the respective levels are made for purposes
of such taxes upon property privately owned as aforesaid, a statement
specifying the amount and due date or dates of such taxes which the
respective Taxing Entities would receive if such property were so privately
owned by the Company and not by the Issuer; and (iv) shall file with the
appropriate officer or officers any accounts or tax returns furnished to
the Issuer by the Company for the purpose of such filing.  If required to
make payments in lieu of land taxes under Taxing Entities when due all such
payments in lieu of land taxes with respect to the Project required by this
Agreement to be paid to the respective Taxing Entities, subject in each
case to the Company's right to (i) obtain exemptions (and discounts, if
any) which would be afforded to a private owner of the Project,
(ii) contest valuations of the Project made for the purpose of determining
such payments therefrom and (iii) to seek to obtain a refund of any such
payments made.  In the event the Company should fail to make any such
payments in lieu of taxes, the amount or amounts so in default shall
continue as an obligation of the Company until fully paid and the Company
agrees to pay the same, together with interest thereon at the same rate per
annum as if such amounts were delinquent taxes.

                                ARTICLE VII

                             SPECIAL COVENANTS

     Section 7.1.   Access to the Project and Inspection.

     The Trustee and the Issuer shall have the right, at all reasonable
times upon the furnishing of reasonable notice to the Company under the
circumstances, to enter upon the Project Site and to examine and inspect
the Project.

     Section 7.2.   Further Assurances and Corrective Instruments.

     Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer and the Company
agree that they will, from time to time, execute, acknowledge and deliver,
or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, such supplements and
amendments hereto and such further instruments as may reasonably be
required for correcting any inadequate or incorrect description of the
Project, and for carrying out the intention or facilitating the performance
of this Sale Agreement.

     Section 7.3.   Tax and Arbitrage Covenants; Notice of Event of
                    Taxability.

     (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Company covenants
and agrees that it shall at all times do and perform all acts and things
necessary or desirable and within its reasonable control in order to assure
that interest paid on the Bonds shall, for the purpose of federal income
taxation, not be included in gross income of the recipients thereof, except
in the event that such recipient is a "substantial user" or "related
person" within the meaning of Section 103(b) of the 1954 Code or Section
147(a) of the Code.

     (b)  Neither the Company nor the Issuer shall take any action or fail
to take any action, and the Company covenants that it will not approve the
Trustee's taking any action or failing to take any action or making any
investment or use of the proceeds of the Bonds, if such action, use or
failure would adversely affect the tax-exempt status of the interest on the
Bonds under Section 103 of the Code or cause any of the Bonds to be an
"arbitrage bond" within the meaning of Section 148 of the Code and the
Treasury Regulations as the same may be applicable to the Bonds at the time
of such action, investment or use.

     (c)  The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Issuer and
the Trustee of the filing by the Company of any statement, tax schedule,
return or document with the Internal Revenue Service which discloses that
an Event of Taxability shall have occurred and its receipt of any written
advice from the Internal Revenue Service that an Event of Taxability shall
have occurred.  

     (d)  The Company acknowledges that it has examined, executed and
delivered the Tax Regulatory Certificate and its terms relating to
compliance with the Code and shall comply with the covenants, instructions
and guidelines contained in the Tax Regulatory Certificate.  The Company's
obligation to make any payments of Rebate Amounts (as defined in the Tax
Regulatory Certificate) required by the Tax Regulatory Certificate and to
prepare and furnish to the Issuer and the Trustee the statements and forms
described therein shall survive payment in full of the Bonds
notwithstanding any provision of this Sale Agreement to the contrary.  

     (e)  The Company and the Issuer will furnish accurate information
necessary to enable Bond Counsel to make any certifications which might be
required under the Regulations.

     (f)  Whenever the Issuer shall be required to file, deliver or
execute, or produce any reports, notices or other documents under the Code
or the Regulations while the Bonds are outstanding, the Company shall
furnish or cause the proper person to furnish in due time to the Issuer,
through the attorney for the Issuer, the completed form of such report,
notice or other required document together with (a) a certification by the
Company or other proper person required to provide information that such
document is accurate, and (b) if requested by the Issuer or if otherwise
required herein or in the Indenture, an opinion of Bond Counsel addressed
to the Issuer that the report or other document is not in violation of any
provision of law or of the Issuer Documents or other documents constituting
a part of the transcript of proceedings relating to the issuance of the
Bonds and that such report, notice or other required document meets the
legal requirements for such filing, delivery or execution.  In the event of
the failure or refusal of the Company or other proper person to comply with
this provision, the Company agrees to pay the statement for attorney's fees
and administrative time presented by the Issuer for filing, delivering or
executing such report or documents, such statement to be paid within 30
days after written notice to the Company by the Issuer.  

     In order to insure that interest on the Bonds is not and will not
become subject to federal income taxes as a result of failure of the Bonds
to satisfy the requirement of Section 149(e) of the Code, the Company
covenants with the Issuer and the Trustee that it will, on or before the
date of issuance of the Bonds supply to the Issuer and the Trustee all
information required under Internal Revenue Service Form 8038, Information
Return for Private Activity Bond Issues (Form 8038), including without
limitation the following:

     (a)  the date of issue, the amount of lendable proceeds of the issue,
and the stated interest rate, term and face amount of each obligation which
is part of the issue; 

     (b)  the name of the applicable elected representative who approved
the issue, or a description of the voter referendum by which the issue was
approved; and 

     (c)  a description of any property to be financed from the proceeds of
the issue.  

     The Company further covenants that on or before the due date thereof,
it will cause Form 8038 to be completed, executed and filed with the
appropriate office of the Internal Revenue Service.  

     Section 7.4.   Recording and Filing; Other Instruments.

     (a)  The Company covenants that it will, at its expense, cause Counsel
in the State to take all steps as are reasonably necessary to render an
opinion to the Issuer and the Trustee not earlier than sixty (60) nor later
than thirty (30) days prior to each anniversary date occurring at five-year
intervals after the issuance of the Bonds to the effect that all financing
statements, continuation statements, notices and other instruments required
by applicable law have been recorded or filed or re-recorded or re-filed in
such manner and in such places required by law in order fully to preserve
and protect the rights of the Trustee in the granting by the Issuer of
certain rights of the Issuer, pursuant to the Indenture, under this Sale
Agreement and the Note.

     (b)  The Company and the Issuer shall execute and deliver all
instruments and shall furnish all information and evidence deemed necessary
or advisable by such Counsel to enable him to render the opinion referred
to in subsection (a) of this Section.  The Company shall file and re-file
and record and re-record or cause to be filed and re-filed and recorded and
re-recorded all instruments required to be filed and re-filed and recorded
or re-recorded pursuant to the opinion of such Counsel and shall continue
or cause to be continued the liens of such instruments for so long as the
Bonds shall be outstanding, except as otherwise required by this Agreement.

     Section 7.5.   Administrative Expenses.

     The Company shall pay to or for the account of the Issuer within
thirty (30) days after notice thereof all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by the Issuer in connection with the financing and administration
of the Project, including, without limitation, the costs of administering
this Sale Agreement and the fees and expenses of the Trustee, attorneys,
consultants and others.

     Section 7.6.   Indemnity Against Claims.

     (a)  The Company will pay and discharge and will indemnify and hold
harmless the Issuer and the Trustee from (1) any lien or charge upon
amounts payable hereunder by the Company to the Issuer, and (2) any taxes,
assessments, impositions and other charges in respect of the Project.

     (b)  If any claim of any such lien or charge upon payments, or any
such taxes, assessments, impositions or other charges, are sought to be
imposed, the Issuer or the Trustee, as the case may be, will give prompt
notice to the Company, and the Company shall have the sole right and duty
to assume, and shall assume, the defense thereof, with full power to
litigate, compromise or settle the same in its sole discretion.

     Section 7.7.   Release and Indemnification.

     The Company shall at all times protect and hold the Issuer and its
members, officers, employees and agents harmless against any claims or
liability resulting from any loss or damage to property or any injury to or
death of any person that may be occasioned by any cause whatsoever
pertaining to the Project or the use thereof, including without limitation
any lease thereof or assignment of its interest in this Agreement, such
indemnification to include reasonable expenses and attorneys' fees incurred
by the Issuer and its members, officers, employees and agents in connection
therewith, provided that such indemnity shall be effective only to the
extent of any loss that may be sustained by the Issuer, its members,
officers, employees and agents in excess of the Net Proceeds received by it
or them from any insurance carrier with respect to such loss and provided
further that the benefits of this Section 7.7 shall not inure to any person
other than the Issuer and its members, officers, employees and agents.  In
case any action or proceeding is brought against the Issuer or any of its
members, officers, employees or agents by reason of any such claim, the
affected party shall notify the Company and the Company shall resist or
defend such action or proceeding and control the conduct thereof.  The
Issuer and its members, officers, employees and agents shall cooperate and
join with the Company at the expense of the Company as may be required in
connection with any such action or proceeding.

     Section 7.8.   Additional Information.

     The Issuer and the Trustee are authorized to provide information
concerning the outstanding principal amount and payment history of, and
other information pertaining to, the Bonds or the Note to any agency or
regulatory authority of the State requesting such information.

     Section 7.9.   Default Certificates.

     The Company shall deliver to the Trustee forthwith, upon obtaining
knowledge of any Event of Default hereunder or under the Note, the
Indenture, or the Reimbursement Agreement, a certificate of the Company
specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the
Company proposes to take with respect thereto.

     Section 7.10.  Observe Laws.

     The Company shall observe all applicable laws, regulations and other
valid requirements of any regulatory authority with respect to its
operations at the Project.

     Section 7.11.  Election.

     The Issuer hereby elects to have the provisions of Sections 144(a)(4)
of the Code apply to the Bonds.  In support of this election, the Issuer
states as follows:

     (a)  The name of the Issuer is the Village of Walden Industrial
Development Agency and its address is 8 Scofield Street, Walden, NY  12586.

     (b)  The principal user of the Project will be:

          Spence Engineering Company, Inc.

          Employer Identification Number:  22-2564130

     (c)  The Bonds are in the principal amount of $7,500,000, and are to
be issued on June 17, 1994.  Except for the Prior Bonds (which will be paid
in full and redeemed on the date of issuance of the Bonds), there are no
outstanding prior issues the proceeds of which have been or are to be used
primarily with respect to facilities located or to be located in the
County, the principal users of which is or will be the Company or any
Related Persons.

     (d)  There were no "Section 103(b)(6)(d) capital expenditures by the
Issuer," as that term is defined in the Regulations, which were paid or
incurred during the three (3) years preceding the date of issuance of the
Prior Bonds to facilities located in Orange County the principal user of
which is or will be the Company or any Related Person, except as described
in the Tax Regulatory Certificate of the Company.

     (e)  Except for the Bonds and the Prior Bonds, there is no outstanding
issue of qualified small issue bonds (as that term is used in Section
141(e)(1)(D) of the Code) issued on behalf of the Company, the proceeds of
which have been or will be issued primarily with respect to:

          (1)  Any facility located in whole or in part in the County; or

          (2)  Any "contiguous or integrated facility" (within the meaning
     of Section 1.103-10(b)(2)(ii)(e) of the Regulations) with respect to
     any facility located in whole or in part in the County.

     Section 7.12.  No Warranty of Condition of Suitability by the Issuer.

     THE ISSUER MAKES NO WARRANTY, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
CONDITION, TITLE, DESIGN, OPERATION, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE
PROJECT OR THAT IT IS OR WILL BE SUITABLE FOR THE COMPANY'S PURPOSES OR
NEEDS.


                               ARTICLE VIII

                      ASSIGNMENT, LEASING AND SELLING

     Section 8.1.   Assignment of this Sale Agreement or Lease or Sale of
                    the Project by the Company.

     With the prior written consent of the Credit Facility Issuer and the
Issuer, the rights of the Company under this Sale Agreement may be
assigned, and the Project may be leased or sold as a whole or in part,
without the necessity of obtaining the consent of the Issuer or the
Trustee, subject, however, to the following conditions:  

     (a)  without the prior written consent of the Credit Facility Issuer
and the Issuer, no assignment, transfer, sale or lease shall relieve the
Company from primary liability for any of its obligations hereunder, and if
any such assignment, transfer, sale or lease occurs, the Company shall
continue to remain primarily liable for the payments specified herein and
in the Note and for performance and observance of the other agreements on
its part herein provided to be performed and observed by it; and the
Company shall also provide the Trustee with an approving opinion of Bond
Counsel to the effect that such assignment, transfer, sale or lease will
not adversely affect the status of interest on the Bonds for federal tax
purposes.

     (b)  the assignee, lessee or purchaser shall assume the obligations of
the Company hereunder to the extent of the interest assigned, leased or
sold; and 

     (c)  the Company shall, within thirty (30) days after the delivery
thereof, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Issuer and to the Trustee
a true and complete copy of each such assignment, instrument of transfer,
lease or sale agreement, as the case may be, together with any instrument
of assumption.

     Section 8.2.   Restrictions on Transfer of the Issuer's Rights.

     Except for the assignment made pursuant to the Indenture of certain of
its rights under this Sale Agreement and its pledge of the Note, endorsed
without recourse to the order of the Trustee, to the Trustee as security
pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will not during the term of this Sale
Agreement sell, assign, transfer or convey any of its interests in this
Sale Agreement or the Note.

     Section 8.3.   Assignment by the Issuer.

     It is understood, agreed and acknowledged that the Issuer, as security
for payment of the principal of and interest on the Bonds, will grant to
the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, inter alia, certain of its right,
title and interest in and to this Sale Agreement (reserving certain of its
rights, as more particularly described in the Indenture) and will pledge
the Note, endorsed as aforesaid, to the Trustee as security, and the
Company hereby assents to such assignment and pledge.

     Section 8.4.   Merger of Issuer.

     (a)  Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prevent the
consolidation of the Issuer with, or merger of the Issuer into, or transfer
of title to the Project to, any other political subdivision, provided that:

          (1)  the tax-exempt status of the interest on the Bonds shall not
     be adversely affected thereby, and

          (2)  upon such consolidation, merger or transfer, the due and
     punctual performance and observance of all the agreements and
     conditions of this Sale Agreement to be kept and performed by the
     Issuer shall be expressly assumed in writing by the political
     subdivision resulting from such consolidation or surviving such merger
     or to which such merger was made.

     (b)  Within thirty (30) days after the consummation of any such
consolidation, merger or transfer of title, the Issuer shall give notice
thereof, in reasonable detail to the Company and the Trustee.  The Issuer
promptly shall furnish such additional information with respect to any such
transaction as the Company or the Trustee reasonably may request.


                                ARTICLE IX

                      EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

     Section 9.1.   Events of Default Defined.

     The term "Event of Default" or "Default" shall mean any one or more of
the following events:

     (a)  the failure by the Company to pay or cause to be paid when due
any payment of principal of or interest on or other amount payable under
the Note.

     (b)  the failure of the Issuer to pay or cause to be paid when due any
payment of principal of or interest on or other amount payable under the
Bonds.

     (c)  the failure of the Company to perform any of its obligations
under Section 7.3 hereof.

     (d)  the occurrence of an "Event of Default" or "event of default"
under any of the other Bond Documents.

     (e)  any representation or warranty of the Company contained in
Section 2.2 hereof, in Article XI hereof or in any document, instrument or
certificate delivered pursuant hereto or to the Indenture or in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Bonds shall be false, misleading or
incomplete in any material respect on the date as of which made.

     (f)  failure by the Company to observe or perform any covenant,
condition or agreement on the part of the Company under the Note or this
Sale Agreement, other than as referred to in the preceding paragraphs of
this Section 9.1, for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice,
specifying such failure and requesting that it be remedied, is given to the
Company by the Issuer or the Trustee.

     (g)  the commencement against the Company of an involuntary case under
the federal bankruptcy laws, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or
any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar law, or of any action or proceeding for the appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or
similar official) of the Company or for any substantial part of its
property, or for the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs and the
continuance of any such case, action, or proceeding unstayed and in effect
for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days.

     (h)  the commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the
federal bankruptcy laws, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any
other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law, or the consent by it to, or its acquiescence in the appointment of or
taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Company or of any
substantial part of its property, or the making by it of or the consent by
it to any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of the
Company generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking
of any action by the Company in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

     Section 9.2.   Remedies on Default.

     (a)  If Payment of the Bonds shall not have been made, whenever any
Event of Default referred to in Section 9.1 hereof shall have happened and
shall not have been waived:

          (1)  The Issuer may, by written notice, declare all installments
     of principal repayable pursuant to the Note for the remainder of the
     term thereof to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same,
     together with accrued interest thereon as provided for in the Note,
     shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
     protest or any other notice whatsoever, all of which are hereby
     expressly waived by the Company; provided, however, all such amounts
     shall automatically be and become immediately due and payable without
     notice upon the occurrence of any event described in Section 9.1(g) or
     9.1(h) hereof, which notice the Company hereby expressly waives.

          (2)  The Issuer may take whatever other action at law or in
     equity may appear necessary or desirable to collect the amounts
     payable pursuant to the Note then due and thereafter to become due, or
     to enforce the performance and observance of any obligation, agreement
     or covenant of the Company under this Sale Agreement or under any of
     the other Bond Documents.

     (b)  In the enforcement of the remedies provided in this Section 9.2,
the Issuer may treat all reasonable expenses of enforcement including,
without limitation, legal, accounting and advertising fees and expenses, as
additional amounts payable by the Company then due and owing and the
Company agrees to pay such additional amounts upon demand.

     Section 9.3.   Application of Amounts Realized in Enforcement of
                    Remedies.

     Any amounts collected pursuant to action taken under Section 9.2
hereof shall be paid to the Trustee and applied to the payment of, first,
any costs, expenses and fees incurred by the Issuer and the Trustee as a
result of taking such action; second, to the extent permitted by law, any
interest which shall have accrued on any overdue interest and any accrued
interest on any overdue principal of the Bonds at the rate set forth in the
Bonds; third, any overdue interest on the Bonds; fourth, any overdue
principal of the Bonds; fifth, the outstanding principal balance of the
Bonds.  If Payment of the Bonds shall have been made, any remaining moneys
shall be applied in accordance with Section 911(b) of the Indenture.

     Section 9.4.   No Remedy Exclusive.

     No remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Issuer is intended
to be exclusive of any other available remedy or remedies, but each and
every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every
other remedy given under this Sale Agreement or now or hereafter existing
at law or in equity or by statute.  No delay or omission to exercise any
right or power accruing upon the occurrence of an Event of Default shall
impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver
thereof, but any such right and power may be exercised from time to time
and as often as may be deemed expedient.

     Section 9.5.   Agreement to Pay Attorneys' Fees and Expenses.

     In connection with any Event of Default, if the Issuer or the Trustee
employs attorneys or incurs other expenses for the collection of amounts
payable hereunder or for the enforcement of the performance or observance
of any covenants or agreements on the part of the Company herein contained,
the Company agrees that it will on demand therefor pay to the Issuer or the
Trustee the reasonable fees of such attorneys and such other reasonable
expenses so incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee.

     Section 9.6.   Correlative Waivers.

     If an event of default under Section 901 of the Indenture shall be
cured or waived and any remedial action by the Trustee rescinded, any
correlative default under this Sale Agreement shall be deemed to have been
cured or waived.


                                 ARTICLE X

                                PREPAYMENTS

     Section 10.1.  Optional Prepayments.

     (a)  The Company is hereby granted, and shall have, the option to
prepay the unpaid principal of the Note in whole or in part in accordance
with and as set forth in Section 701 of the Indenture with respect to the
prepayment of the Bonds; provided, all prepayments shall be made in
immediately available funds and with interest accrued to the date of
prepayment and that any prepayment of the Note in part shall be applied to
unpaid installments of principal in inverse order of maturity.  Any
prepayment pursuant to this subsection (a) shall be made by the Company
taking, or causing the Issuer to take, the actions required (1) for Payment
of the Bonds, in the case of prepayment of the Note in whole, or (2) to
effect prepayment of less than all of the Bonds according to their terms in
the case of a partial prepayment of the Note.

     (b)  In the event of damage, destruction or condemnation of the
Project or any part thereof, the Company may, at its option, pursuant to
Section 6.5 hereof and without penalty or premium, prepay the Note in whole
or in part; provided that any such prepayment shall be made in immediately
available funds with the interest accrued to the date of whole or partial
prepayment.  Any prepayment pursuant to this subsection (b) shall be made
by the Company taking, or causing the Issuer to take, the actions required
for the full or partial prepayment of the Bond as provided for in
subsection (a) hereof.

     (c)  To exercise the option granted in subsection (a) or (b) of this
Section 10.1, the Company shall give written notice to the Issuer and the
Trustee which shall specify therein (1) the date of the intended prepayment
of the Note, which shall not be less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty
(60) days from the date the notice is mailed and (2) the principal amount
of the Note to be prepaid.  When given, such notice shall be irrevocable by
the Company.

     Section 10.2.  Mandatory Prepayments.

     (a)  In the event of a Determination of Taxability, the Company shall,
(1) on a date selected by the Company not more than one hundred eighty
(180) days following the date of the Determination of Taxability, prepay
the entire unpaid principal balance of the Note in full and interest
thereon, without premium, as provided therein.  Immediately upon the
occurrence of a Determination of Taxability, the Company shall notify the
Issuer and the Trustee of the date selected for payment pursuant to this
Section 10.2.

     (b)  In the event any Credit Facility is not renewed and an Alternate
Credit Facility has not been provided in accordance with Section 603 of the
Indenture, the Company shall on or before the Interest Payment Date
occurring closest to but not after fifteen (15) days prior to the
expiration date of the then current Credit Facility, prepay the entire
unpaid principal balance of the Note in full.  The Company shall promptly
notify the Issuer and the Trustee of the date selected for such payment.

     Section 10.3.  Other Mandatory Prepayments.

     The amounts required to be applied to the prepayment of the Note by
Sections 5.6 and 6.5 hereof shall be applied by the Company to prepay,
together with accrued interest, all or a portion of the unpaid principal of
the Note.  Such prepayment shall be made by the Company taking, or causing
the Issuer to take, the actions required (a) for payment of the Bonds,
whether by redemption prior to the maturity or by payment at maturity, or
(b) to effect the purchase, redemption or payment at maturity of less than
all of the installments of principal of the Bonds in inverse order of their
maturities.


                                ARTICLE XI

                             REBATE PROVISIONS

     Section 11.1.  Creation of the Rebate Fund.

     (a)  The Issuer shall create and establish with the Trustee a special
trust fund in the name of the Issuer to be designated by the Trustee and
which is referred to herein as the Rebate Fund (the "Rebate Fund"), which
shall be held, invested, expended and accounted for in accordance with this
Sale Agreement.

     (b)  Moneys in the Rebate Fund shall be held in trust by the Trustee
and, subject to Section 7.3 hereof, shall be held for the benefit of the
United States as contemplated under the provisions of this Sale Agreement
and shall not be considered to be held for the benefit of the Issuer, the
Company, the Trustee or the owners of the Bonds.


                                ARTICLE XII

                               MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 12.1.  References to the Bonds Ineffective After Bonds Paid.

     Upon Payment of the Bonds, all references in this Sale Agreement to
the Bonds shall be ineffective and the Issuer and any owner of the Bonds
shall not thereafter have any rights hereunder, excepting reporting and
payment of rebate payments under Section 7.3 hereof and rights of the
Issuer to indemnification and payment of expenses contained, without
limitation, in Sections 7.5, 7.6 and 7.7 hereof.

     Section 12.2.  No Implied Waiver.

     In the event any agreement contained in the Note or this Sale
Agreement should be breached by either party and thereafter waived by the
other party, such waiver shall be limited to the particular breach so
waived and shall not be deemed to waive any other breach thereunder or
hereunder.  Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of the Trustee to
exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power
or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

     Section 12.3.  Issuer Representative.

     Whenever under the provisions of this Sale Agreement the approval of
the Issuer is required or the Issuer is required to take some action at the
request of the Company, such approval shall be made or such action shall be
taken by the Issuer Representative; and the Company, the Trustee and the
Bondholders shall be authorized to rely on any such approval or action.

     Section 12.4.  Company Representative.

     Whenever under the provisions of this Sale Agreement the approval of
the Company is required or the Company is required to take some action at
the request of the Issuer, such approval shall be made or such action shall
be taken by the Company Representative; and the Issuer, the Trustee and the
Bondholders shall be authorized to act on any such approval or action.

     Section 12.5.  Notices.

     (a)  All notices, certificates or other communications hereunder shall
be sufficiently given and shall be deemed given when delivered by hand
delivery or mailed by first class, postage prepaid, registered or certified
mail, or sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier addressed as
follows:

     (1)  if to the Issuer:                Walden Industrial Development
                                           Agency
                           8 Scofield Street
                           Walden, NY  12586
                           (Attention: Chairman);

          with a copy to:  Richard J. Drake
                           Drake, Sommers, Loeb, Tarshis & Catania, P.C.
                           One Corwin  Court
                           P.O. Box 1479
                           Newburgh, NY  12550

     (2)  if to the Company:               Spence Engineering Company,
   Inc.
                           c/o Watts Industries, Inc.
                           815 Chestnut Street
                           North Andover, MA  01845
                           (Attention:  William C. McCartney, Corporate
                           Controller)

                           and

          with a copy to:  John R. LeClaire, P.C.
                           Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
                           Exchange Place
                           Boston, MA  02109

     (3)  if to the Trustee:               The First National Bank of
   Boston
                           150 Royall Street, Mail Stop 45-02-15
                           Canton, Massachusetts 02021
                           Attn:  Corporate Trust Division

     (b)  The Issuer, the Company or the Trustee may, by notice given
hereunder, designate from time to time any further or different addresses
to which subsequent notices, certificates or other communications shall be
sent.

     Section 12.6.  If Payment or Performance Date Is Other Than a Business
                    Day.

     If the specified or last date for the making of any payment, the
performance of any act or the exercising of any right, as provided in this
Sale Agreement, shall be a day other than a Business Day, such payment may
be made or act performed or right exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day; provided that interest shall accrue during any such period during
which payment shall not occur.

     Section 12.7.  Binding Effect.

     This Sale Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding
upon the Issuer, the Company and their respective successors and assigns,
subject to the provisions of Section 8.3 hereof.

     Section 12.8.  Severability.

     In the event any provision of this Sale Agreement or the Note shall be
held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such
holding shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any other provision
hereof or thereof.

     Section 12.9.  Amendments, Changes and Modifications.

     Subsequent to the issuance of the Bonds and prior to Payment of the
Bonds, this Sale Agreement and the other Bond Documents, may not be
effectively amended, changed, modified, altered or terminated except in
accordance with the Indenture.

     Section 12.10.  Execution in Counterparts.

     This Sale Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of
which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and
the same instrument, and no one counterpart of which need be executed by
all parties.

     Section 12.11.  Applicable Law.

     This Sale Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State.

     Section 12.12.  No Charge Against Issuer Credit.

     No provision hereof shall be construed to impose a charge against the
general credit of the Issuer or any personal or pecuniary liability upon
any member, official, employee or agent of the Issuer.

     Section 12.13.  Issuer Not Liable.

     Notwithstanding any other provision of this Sale Agreement (a) the
Issuer shall not be liable to the Company, the Trustee, any Bondholder or
any other Person for any failure of the Issuer to take action under this
Sale Agreement, and (b) except with respect to any action for specific
performance or any action in the nature of a prohibitory or mandatory
injunction, neither the Issuer nor any officer or member of the Issuer nor
any other official, employee or agent of the Issuer shall be liable to the
Company, the Trustee, any Bondholder or any other Person for any action
taken by the Issuer or by any of its officers, servants, agents or
employees or for any failure to take action under this Sale Agreement or
the Indenture except for the Issuers willful misconduct.  In acting under
this Sale Agreement, or in refraining from acting under this Sale
Agreement, the Issuer may conclusively rely on the advice of its counsel.

     Section 12.14.  Expenses.

     The Company agrees to pay all reasonable fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, modification, waiver,
and amendment of this Sale Agreement, the other Bond Documents and related
documents, and the fees and expenses of bond counsel, counsel for the
Issuer and counsel for the Trustee.  The Company also agrees to pay to the
Trustee, as and when the same become due, its reasonable fees for services
rendered and its expenses incurred as Trustee, including the reasonable
fees of its counsel, and such other amounts as the Company herein assumes
or agrees to pay, including costs or expenses necessary to cancel and
discharge the Indenture.  The Company also agrees to pay all expenses
incurred by the Trustee or the Issuer in collection of any indebtedness
incurred hereunder in the event of default by the Company, including
reasonable attorneys fees.

     Section 12.15.  Amounts Remaining with the Trustee.

     Any amounts remaining in the Bond Fund or otherwise in trust with the
Trustee under the Indenture or this Sale Agreement shall, after Payment of
the Bonds and all Administrative Expenses in accordance with this Sale
Agreement, be disbursed by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of
the Indenture or otherwise as may be required by law.

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Company have caused this Sale
Agreement to be executed in their respective legal names by their duly
authorized representatives all as of the date first above written.

                                 SPENCE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC.
                                 
                                 By /s/ William C. McCartney
                                    Its: Assistant Treasurer


                                 VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
                                 AGENCY


                                 By /s/ Mathew R. Steichen
                                    Its: Chairman

Attest: 


By /s/ John Bruce Seguin                       
   Its: Secretary                          

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                    LETTER OF CREDIT, REIMBURSEMENT AND
                            GUARANTY AGREEMENT


                         Dated as of June 1, 1994

<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS



                                                                      Pages


ARTICLE I      DEFINITIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3


ARTICLE II     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
                         GUARANTOR . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10

                  2.1.   Incorporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10
                  2.2.   Power and Authority; No Conflicts;
                         Enforceability. . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10
                  2.3.   Financial Condition . . . . . . . . . . .    11
                  2.4.   Title to Property and Assets. . . . . . .    11
                  2.5.   Litigation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11
                  2.6.   Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11
                  2.7.   Trademarks, Franchises and Licenses . . .    12
                  2.8.   No Default. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    12
                  2.9.   Governmental Authority. . . . . . . . . .    12
                  2.10.  ERISA Requirements. . . . . . . . . . . .    12
                  2.11.  Pollution and Environmental Control;
                         Hazardous Substances. . . . . . . . . . .    12
                  2.12.  Capital Structure . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
                  2.13.  Solvent Financial Condition . . . . . . .    13
                  2.14   Restrictions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
                  2.15.  Full Disclosure . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
                  2.16.  Labor Relations . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
                  2.17.  Compliance with Laws. . . . . . . . . . .    14
                  2.18   Brokers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
                  2.19   Trade Relations . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
                  2.20   Investment Company Act. . . . . . . . . .    14
                  2.21.  Survival of Representations and
                         Warranties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14


ARTICLE III    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
                         BORROWER. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15

                  3.1.   Incorporation . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15
                  3.2.   Power and Authority . . . . . . . . . . .    15
                  3.3.   Governmental Authority. . . . . . . . . .    15
                  3.4.   Project Site. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    16
                  3.5.   Survival of Representatives
                         and Warranties. . . . . . . . . . . . . .    16

ARTICLE IV     TERMS OF LETTER OF CREDIT, REIMBURSEMENT,
                         OTHER PAYMENTS AND GUARANTY . . . . . . .    17

                  4.1.   Letter of Credit. . . . . . . . . . . . .    17
                  4.2.   Reimbursement and Other Payments. . . . .    17
                  4.3.   Tender Advances . . . . . . . . . . . . .    17
                  4.4.   Commission and Fee. . . . . . . . . . . .    19
                  4.5.   Increased Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . .    19
                  4.6.   Computation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
                  4.7.   Payment Procedure . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
                  4.8.   Business Days . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
                  4.9.   Reimbursement of Expenses . . . . . . . .    20
                  4.10.  Expiration Date . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
                  4.11.  Guaranty. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
                  4.12.  Obligations Absolute. . . . . . . . . . .    22
                  4.13.  Waiver of Guarantor's Rights. . . . . . .    23


ARTICLE V      SECURITY; INSURANCE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    24

                  5.1.   Security. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    24
                  5.2.   Casualty and Liability Insurance 
                         Required. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    24
                  5.3.   Notice of Casualty or Taking. . . . . . .    24


ARTICLE VI     AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    25

                  6.1.   Financial Reports and Other Data
                         and Information . . . . . . . . . . . . .    25
                  6.2.   Books, Records and Inspections. . . . . .    26
                  6.3.   Maintenance of Property, Insurance. . . .    27
                  6.4.   Corporate Franchises. . . . . . . . . . .    27
                  6.5.   Compliance with Statutes, etc.. . . . . .    27
                  6.6.   ERISA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    27
                  6.7.   Performance of Obligations. . . . . . . .    28
                  6.8.   Taxes and Liens . . . . . . . . . . . . .    28
                  6.9.   Payment of Obligations. . . . . . . . . .    29
                  6.10.  Environmental Matters . . . . . . . . . .    29


ARTICLE VII    NEGATIVE COVENANTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    30

                  7.1.   Negative Pledge; Liens. . . . . . . . . .    30
                  7.2.   Consolidation or Merger . . . . . . . . .    31
                  7.3.   Sale of Assets, Dissolution, Etc. . . . .    31
                  7.4.   Loans and Investments . . . . . . . . . .    31
                  7.5.   Consolidated Total Liabilities to
                         Consolidated Tangible Net Worth . . . . .    32
                  7.6.   Coverage Ratio. . . . . . . . . . . . . .    32
                  7.7.   Current Ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    32
                  7.8.   Consolidated Net Worth. . . . . . . . . .    32


ARTICLE VIII   CONDITIONS TO ISSUANCE OF LETTER OF 
                         CREDIT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    33

                  8.1.   Conditions of Issuance. . . . . . . . . .    33
                  8.2.   Additional Conditions Precedent to
                         Issuance of the Letter of Credit. . . . .    34
                  8.3.   Conditions Precedent to Each 
                         Tender Advance. . . . . . . . . . . . . .    35


ARTICLE IX     DEFAULT   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36

                  9.1.   Events of Default . . . . . . . . . . . .    36
                  9.2.   No Remedy Exclusive . . . . . . . . . . .    38


ARTICLE X      MISCELLANEOUS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    39

                  10.1.  Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . .    39
                  10.2.  Transfer of Letter of Credit. . . . . . .    40
                  10.3.  Reduction of Letter of Credit . . . . . .    40
                  10.4.  Liability of the Bank . . . . . . . . . .    40
                  10.5.  Successors and Assigns. . . . . . . . . .    41
                  10.6.  Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    41
                  10.7.  Amendment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
                  10.8.  Effect of Delay and Waivers . . . . . . .    42
                  10.9.  Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
                  10.10. Severability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
                  10.11. Cost of Collection. . . . . . . . . . . .    42
                  10.12. Set Off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
                  10.13. Governing Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    43
                  10.14. References. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    43
                  10.15. Consent to Jurisdiction, Venue. . . . . .    43


EXHIBIT A      Form of Letter of Credit
EXHIBIT B      Representations of the Guarantor;
                         Representations of the Borrower
EXHIBIT C      Liens
EXHIBIT D      Insurance
EXHIBIT E      Opinion of Counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantor
EXHIBIT F      Opinion of Bond Counsel
<PAGE>
                    LETTER OF CREDIT, REIMBURSEMENT and
                            GUARANTY AGREEMENT


               THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of June 1, 1994 by and among SPENCE
ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC., a Delaware corporation ("the Borrower"), WATTS
INDUSTRIES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("the Guarantor"), and THE FIRST
UNION NATIONAL BANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, a national banking association
organized and existing under the laws of the United States with its
principal offices located in Charlotte, North Carolina (the "Bank");

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS, arrangements have been made pursuant to a Trust
Indenture of even date herewith (the "Indenture") between the Village of
Walden Industrial Development Agency (the "Issuer") and The First National
Bank of Boston, Boston, Massachusetts (the "Trustee") for the issuance and
sale by the Issuer of its Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds
(Spence Engineering Company, Inc. Project), Series 1994 in the original
aggregate principal amount of $7,500,000 (the "Bonds"); and

               WHEREAS, the Bonds have been issued for the purpose of
refunding in whole the outstanding principal amount of the Issuer's
Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Spence Engineering Company
Project), Series 1984 in the original aggregate principal amount of
$7,500,000 (the "Prior Bonds"), the proceeds of which were used to finance,
in whole or in part, the cost of acquiring, constructing and installing a
certain project in the Village of Walden, New York (the "Project") owned
and operated by the Company and located in Orange County; and

               WHEREAS, in order to enhance the marketability of the Bonds,
the Borrower has requested the Bank to issue an irrevocable direct pay
letter of credit in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (such letter of
credit or any successor or substitute letter of credit issued by the Bank
herein individually and collectively called the "Letter of Credit") in an
aggregate amount not exceeding $7,875,000, of which (a) $7,500,000 shall
support the payment of principal or portion of the purchase price
corresponding to principal of the Bonds and (b) $375,000 shall support the
payment of up to 120 days' interest or portion of the purchase price
corresponding to interest on the Bonds at an assumed interest rate of 15%
per annum; and

               WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to the issuance of the
Letter of Credit, the Bank has requested and the Guarantor has agreed to
unconditionally guarantee the obligations of the Borrower hereunder as
hereinafter provided;

               NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other
good and valuable consideration, including the covenants, terms and
conditions hereinafter appearing, and to induce the Bank to issue the
Letter of Credit, the Borrower and the Guarantor do hereby covenant and
agree with the Bank as follows:
<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE I

                                Definitions

               All words and terms defined in Article I of the Sale
Agreement shall have the same meanings in this Agreement, unless otherwise
specifically defined herein.  The terms defined in this Article I have, for
all purposes of this Agreement, the meanings specified hereinabove or in
this Article, unless defined elsewhere herein or the context clearly
requires otherwise.

               1.1.  "Affiliate" means any person, corporation, association
or other business entity which directly or indirectly controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with the Borrower or the
Guarantor.

               1.2.  "Agreement" shall mean this Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement, as the same may from time to time be
amended, modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof.

               1.3.  "Alternate Credit Facility" means any irrevocable
direct pay letter of credit, insurance policy or similar credit enhancement
or support facility for the benefit of the Trustee, the terms of which
Alternate Credit Facility shall in all respects material to the registered
owners of the Bonds be the same (except for the term set forth in such
Alternate Credit Facility) as those of the Letter of Credit.

               1.4.  "Bankruptcy Code" means 11 U.S.C. (section) 101 et seq., as
amended.

               1.5.  "Bondholder" or "Bondholders" means the initial and
any future registered owners of the Bond or Bonds as registered on the
books and records of the Bond Registrar pursuant to Section 204 of the
Indenture.

               1.6.  "Bond Documents" means, collectively, the Sale
Agreement, the Note, the Remarketing Agreement, the Tender Agency
Agreement, the Indenture, the Security Instruments and the Bonds, as the
same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in
accordance with their respective terms.

               1.7.  "Borrower" means Spence Engineering Company, Inc., a
Delaware corporation.

               1.8.  "Cash and Cash Equivalents"  means as to any Person at
a particular date, the aggregate amount of all items categorized as "cash"
and "cash equivalents" on the balance sheet of such Person, as determined
in accordance with GAAP.

               1.09.  "Consistent Basis" means, in reference to the
application of GAAP, that the accounting principles observed in the period
referred to are comparable in all material respects to those applied in the
preceding period, except as to any changes consented to by the Bank.

               1.10.  "Consolidated Net Income" means the consolidated
gross revenues of the Guarantor and the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of
each for such period less all expenses and other proper charges for such
period (including taxes on or measured by income) determined in accordance
with GAAP.  

               1.11.  "Consolidated Net Worth" of the Guarantor and the
Borrower and the Subsidiaries of each shall mean at any time as of which
the amount thereof is to be determined, the sum of the Net Worth of such
Persons.

               1.12.  "Consolidated Subsidiaries" means the Subsidiaries of
the Guarantor included in the audited consolidated financial statements of
the Guarantor from time to time.  

               1.13.  "Consolidated Tangible Net Worth" of the Guarantor
and the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of each shall mean at any time as of
which the amount thereof is to be determined, the Consolidated Net Worth
less, the sum of the following (without duplication of deductions in
respect of items already deducted in arriving at surplus and retained
earnings):  (a) all reserves, except legal reserves and other contingency
reserves (i.e., reserves not allocated to specific purposes and not
deducted from assets), which are properly treated as appropriations of
surplus or retained earnings; (b) the book value of all assets which would
be treated as intangibles under GAAP including, without limitation,
capitalized expenses, goodwill, trademarks, trade names, franchises,
copyrights, patents and unamortized debt discount and expense; and (c) any
treasury stock.

               1.14.  "Consolidated Total Liabilities" means the sum of the
Total Liabilities of the Guarantor and the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of
each at any time as of which the amount thereof is to be determined.

               1.15.  "Consultant" means any third-party architect or
engineer satisfactory to the Bank.

               1.16.  "Current Assets" means Cash and Cash Equivalents and
all other assets or resources of a Person which are expected to be realized
in cash, sold in the ordinary course of business, or consumed within one
year, all determined in accordance with GAAP.

               1.17.  "Current Liabilities" means the amount of all
liabilities of a Person which by their terms are payable within one year
(including all indebtedness payable on demand or maturing not more than one
year from the date of computation and the current portion of long-term
debt), all determined in accordance with GAAP.

               1.18.  "Default" means an event or condition the occurrence
of which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both,
become an Event of Default.

               1.19.  "Distribution" means in respect of any corporation
means and includes:  (i) the payment of any dividends or other
distributions on capital stock of the corporation (except distributions in
such stock) and (ii) the redemption or acquisition of its Securities unless
made contemporaneously from the net proceeds of the sale of its Securities.

               1.20.  "Environmental Laws" means all federal, state and
local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, programs, permits, guidances,
orders and consent decrees relating to health, safety and environmental
matters, including, but not limited to, the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act; the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980; the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended; the
Clean Water Act; the River and Harbor Act; the Water Pollution Control Act;
the Marine Protection Research and Sanctuaries Act; the Deep-Water Port
Act; the Safe Drinking Water Act; the Superfund Amendments and
Reauthorization Act of 1986; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and
Rodenticide Act; the Mineral Lands and Leasing Act; the Surface Mining
Control and Reclamation Act; state and federal superlien and environmental
cleanup programs and laws; and U.S. Department of Transportation
regulations.

               1.21.  "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended, including any rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

               1.22.  "ERISA Affiliate" means a Person under common control
with the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 4001(b) of ERISA.  

               1.23.  "Event of Default" means an Event of Default as
defined in Section 9.1 hereof.  

               1.24.  "Expiration Date" means June 17, 1997, the expiration
date of the Letter of Credit, as such date may be extended in accordance
with the terms of Section 4.10 hereof.

               1.25.  "GAAP" means those principles of accounting set forth
in pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and its
predecessors or pronouncements of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants or those principles of accounting which have other
substantial authoritative support and are applicable in the circumstances
as of the date of application, as such principles are from time to time
supplemented or amended.

               1.26.  "Guarantor" means Watts Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation. 

               1.27.  "Indebtedness" means with respect to any Person, all
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, all indebtedness of such
Person for the acquisition of property other than purchase of products and
merchandise in the ordinary course of business, indebtedness secured by and
any lien, pledge or other encumbrance on the property of such Person
whether or not such indebtedness is assumed, all liability of such Person
by way of endorsements (other than for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business); all guarantees of Indebtedness of any other
Person by such Person (including any agreement, contingent or otherwise, to
purchase any obligation representing such Indebtedness or property
constituting security therefor, or to advance or supply funds for such
purpose or to maintain working capital or other balance sheet or income
statement condition, or any other arrangement in substance effecting any of
the foregoing); all leases and other items which in accordance with GAAP
are classified as liabilities on a balance sheet; provided that in no event
shall the term Indebtedness include capital stock, surplus and retained
earnings, minority interests in the common stock of subsidiaries, reserves
for deferred income taxes and investment credits, other deferred credits
and reserves, and deferred compensation obligations.

               1.28.  "Lien" means any interest in Property securing an
obligation owed to, or a claim by, a Person other than the owner of the
Property, whether such interest is based on the common law, statute or
contract, and including, but not limited to, the security interest,
security title or lien arising from a security agreement, mortgage, deed of
trust, deed to secure debt, encumbrance, pledge, conditional sale or trust
receipt or a lease, consignment or bailment for security purposes.  For the
purpose of this Agreement, the Borrower or the Guarantor, respectively,
shall be deemed to be the owner of any Property which it has acquired or
holds subject to a conditional sale agreement or other arrangement pursuant
to which title to the Property has been retained by or vested in some other
Person for security purposes.

               1.29.  "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse
effect on the business, operations or financial condition of the Guarantor
and its Subsidiaries or if applicable, such other Person, taken as a whole. 


               1.30.  "Money Borrowed" as applied to Indebtedness, means
(i) Indebtedness for borrowed money; (ii) Indebtedness, whether or not in
any such case the same was for borrowed money, (A) which is represented by
notes payable or drafts accepted that evidence extensions of credit, (B)
which constitutes obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or
similar instruments, or (C) upon which interest charges are customarily
paid (other than accounts payable) or that was issued or assumed as full or
partial payment for Property; (iii) Indebtedness that constitutes a
Capitalized Lease Obligation; and (iv) Indebtedness under any guaranty of
obligations that would constitute Indebtedness for Money Borrowed under
clauses (i) through (iii) hereof.

               1.31.  "Net Worth" means the amount of issued and
outstanding share capital, plus the amount of additional paid-in capital,
retained earnings (or, in the case of a deficit, minus the amount of such
deficit), determined in accordance with GAAP.

               1.32.  "Obligations" means all loans and all other advances,
debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing, arising, due
or payable from the Borrower to the Bank of any kind or nature, present or
future, whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument,
whether arising under this Agreement or any of the other Bond Documents or
Security Instruments or otherwise, whether direct or indirect (including
those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, primary or
secondary, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and
however acquired.  The term includes, without limitation, all interest,
charges, expenses, fees, attorney's fees and any other sums chargeable to
the Borrower under any of the Bond Documents or Security Instruments.

               1.33.  "Officer's Certificate" means the Certificate of the
Chief Financial Officer or the Controller of the Borrower or the Guarantor,
as the case shall be, as approved by the Bank.

               1.34.  "Other Agreements" means any and all agreements,
instruments and documents (other than this Agreement and the Security
Instruments), heretofore, now or hereafter executed by the Borrower or the
Guarantor or the Subsidiaries of either or any of them and delivered to the
Bank in respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

               1.35.  "Permitted Encumbrances" means and includes:

                    (a)  liens for taxes and assessments not delinquent or
               which are being contested in good faith by appropriate
               proceedings and against which adequate reserves have been
               provided for on the books of the Guarantor or the Borrower,
               as applicable;

                    (b)  worker's, mechanic's and materialmen's liens and
               similar liens incurred in the ordinary course of business
               remaining undischarged or unstayed for not longer than 60
               days following Borrower's notice of the attachment thereof;

                    (c)  attachments remaining undischarged or unstayed for
               not longer than 60 days from the making thereof;

                    (d)  liens in respect of final judgments or awards
               remaining undischarged or unstayed for not longer than 60
               days from the making thereof;

                    (e)  liens in respect of pledges or deposits under
               worker's compensation laws, liens to secure customs bonds,
               unemployment insurance or similar legislation and in respect
               of pledges or deposits to secure bids, tenders, contracts
               (other than contracts for the payment of money), leases or
               statutory obligations, or in connection with surety, appeal
               and similar bonds incidental to the conduct of litigation;

                    (f)  any other liens, easements, encumbrances, rights
               of way and clouds on title included within the term
               "Permitted Encumbrances" as defined in the Deed to Secure
               Debt and Security Agreement.

               1.36.  "Person" means an individual, partnership,
corporation, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization,
association, or a government, or agency or political subdivision or
instrumentality thereof.

               1.37.  "Plan" means a pension plan (other than a
multiemployer pension plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) that is
subject to Title IV of ERISA.  

               1.38.  "Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement of even
date herewith from the Borrower to the Bank.

               1.39.  "Prime Rate" means the interest rate publicly
announced from time to time by the Bank to be its prime rate, which may not
necessarily be its best lending rate.  In the event the Bank shall abolish
or abandon the practice of announcing its Prime Rate or should the same be
unascertainable, the Bank shall designate a comparable reference rate which
shall be deemed to be the Prime Rate under this Agreement.

               1.40.  "Private Placement Memorandum" means the Private
Placement Memorandum dated June 17, 1994 relating to the Bonds.

               1.41.  "Prohibited Transaction" means any transaction set
forth in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended from time to time.

               1.42.  "Project" means the manufacturing facility acquired,
constructed and installed with the proceeds of the Prior Bonds, owned and
operated by the Borrower in the Village of Walden, New York.

               1.43.  "Property" means any interest in any kind of property
or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible.

               1.44.  "Reportable Event" means any of the events set forth
in Section 4043(b) of ERISA other than those events for which the
obligation to notify the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") has
been waived under 29 C.F.R. Part 2615.

               1.45.  "Security" means shall have the same meaning as in
Section 2(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

               1.46.  "Security Instruments" means, collectively, the
Pledge Agreement and any and all Other Agreements.

               1.47.  "Solvent" means as to any Person, such Person (i)
owns Property whose fair saleable value is greater than the amount required
to pay all of such Person's Indebtedness (including contingent debts), (ii)
is able to pay all of its Indebtedness as such Indebtedness matures and
(iii) has capital sufficient to carry on its business and transactions and
all business and transactions in which it is about to engage.

               1.48.  "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means, as to any
Person, any corporation whether organized and existing under the laws of
any state of the United States, including the District of Columbia and
Puerto Rico, or under the laws of any foreign country, of which more than
50% of voting stock at any time is owned or controlled directly or
indirectly by the Borrower or the Guarantor, as applicable.

               1.49.  "Tender Advance" has the meaning assigned to that
term in Section 4.3 of this Agreement.

               1.50.  "Tender Draft" has the meaning assigned to that term
in the Letter of Credit.

               1.51.  "Termination Date" means the last day a drawing is
available under the Letter of Credit.

               1.52.  "Trustee" means any Person or group of Persons at the
time serving as corporate fiduciary under the Indenture.

               1.53.  "Uniform Customs and Practice" shall mean the Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, 1993 Revision, ICC
Publication No. 500.  

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE II

              Representations and Warranties of the Guarantor

               The Guarantor represents and warrants to the Bank (which
representations and warranties shall survive the delivery of the documents
mentioned herein and the issuance of the Letter of Credit) that:

               2.1.  Incorporation.  Each of the Guarantor and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership or joint venture,
respectively, duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws
of its respective jurisdiction, except where the failure to be in good
standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect and has the corporate or
other power to own its respective properties and to carry on its respective
business as now or at such future time being conducted, and is duly
qualified as a foreign corporation or otherwise to do business in every
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would have a Material
Adverse Effect.  On the date of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Guarantor has the respective Consolidated Subsidiaries shown
on Exhibit B hereto, and no other Subsidiaries.  

               2.2.  Power and Authority; No Conflicts; Enforceability.  It
is duly authorized under all applicable provisions of law to execute,
deliver and perform this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is
a party, and all corporate action on its part required for the lawful
execution, delivery and performance hereof and thereof has been duly taken;
and this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is a party, upon
the due execution and delivery hereof, will be the valid, binding and legal
obligation of the Guarantor enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to general
principles of equity.  Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the
fulfillment of or compliance with the respective provisions and terms
hereof, will (A) conflict with, or result in a breach of the terms,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute a violation of or default under
any applicable law, regulation, judgment, writ, order or decree to which
the Guarantor or any Consolidated Subsidiary or any of their respective
properties are subject, or the charter or bylaws of the Guarantor or any
Consolidated Subsidiary, or any agreement or instrument to which the
Guarantor or any Consolidated Subsidiary is now a party and (b) create any
lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of the
Guarantor or any Consolidated Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any
agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any Subsidiary is a party
or by which they, or any of them, or any of their respective properties,
are bound except pursuant to the Security Instruments.

               2.3.  Financial Condition.  The consolidated balance sheet
of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year
ended as of June 30, 1993 [and the fiscal quarters ended September 30,
1993, December 31, 1993 and March 31, 1994], and the related consolidated
statements of income and retained earnings and changes in financial
position for the period then ended, copies of which have been furnished to
the Bank, are correct, complete and fairly present the financial condition
of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in all material respects
as at the respective date of said balance sheets, and the results of its
respective operations for each such period.  The Guarantor and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries do not have any material direct or contingent
liabilities as of the date of this Agreement which are not provided for or
reflected in the balance sheets dated March 31, 1994, or referred to in
notes thereto or set forth in Exhibit B hereto.  There has been no material
adverse change in the business, properties or condition, financial or
otherwise, of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries since
March 31, 1994.

               2.4.  Title to Property and Assets.  It has good and
marketable title to its Property, including the properties and assets
reflected in the financial statements and notes thereto described in
Section 2.3 hereof, except for such assets as have been disposed of since
the date of said financial statements in the ordinary course of business or
as are no longer useful in the conduct of its business, and all such
properties and assets are free and clear of all material Liens, mortgages,
pledges, encumbrances or charges of any kind except Liens reflected in the
financial statements or Exhibit B hereto or permitted under Section 7.2
hereof.

               2.5.  Litigation.  There are no pending or, to the best of
its knowledge, threatened material actions, suits or proceedings before any
court, arbitrator or governmental or administrative body or agency which
may materially adversely affect the properties, business or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis, except as disclosed in the financial statements
and notes thereto described in Section 2.3 hereof or Exhibit B hereto.

               2.6.  Taxes.  It has filed all material tax returns required
to be filed by it and all material taxes due with respect thereto have been
paid, and except as described in Exhibit B hereto, no controversy in
respect of a material amount of additional taxes, state, federal or
foreign, of the Guarantor is pending, or, to the knowledge of the
Guarantor, threatened.  The federal income taxes of the Guarantor have been
examined and reported on or closed by applicable statutes for all fiscal
years to and including the fiscal year ending June 30, 1990, and adequate
reserves have been established for the payment of all such taxes for
periods ended subsequent to June 30, 1990.

               2.7.  Trademarks, Franchises and Licenses.  It owns,
possesses, or has the right to use all necessary material patents,
licenses, franchises, trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name
rights and copyrights to conduct business as now conducted, without known
conflict with any patent, license, franchise, trademark, trade name, or
copyright of any other Persons.

               2.8.  No Default.  It is not in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any of its material obligations, covenants or
conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which it is a party
or by which it may be bound, the effect of which default would allow any
Person to cause such obligation under the agreement or instrument to become
due prior to its stated maturity.

               2.9.  Governmental Authority.  It has received the written
approval of all federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities,
if any, necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement, and no further
governmental consents or approvals are required in the making or
performance of this Agreement by it.

               2.10.  ERISA Requirements.  It has not incurred any material
liability to the PBGC established under ERISA (or any successor thereto
under ERISA) in connection with any Plan established or maintained by it or
by any Person under common control with it (within the meaning of
Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), or of Section 4001(b) of ERISA), or in which its employees are
entitled to participate.  No such Plan has incurred any material
accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of ERISA.  No Reportable
Event in connection with any such Plan has occurred or is continuing.

               2.11.  Pollution and Environmental Control; Hazardous
Substances.  It has obtained all permits, licenses and other authorizations
which are required under any Environmental Laws, except to the extent that
failure to have obtained any such permit, license or authorization will not
have a Material Adverse Effect, and is in material compliance with, all
federal, state, and local Environmental Laws and regulations relating,
without limitation, to pollution, reclamation or protection of the
environment, including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or
threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic
materials or wastes into air, water, or land, or otherwise relating to the
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal,
transport, or handling of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic
substances, materials or wastes the failure to comply with which would have
a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither any Guarantor, nor to Guarantor's
knowledge any previous owner of the Project Site, has disposed of any
hazardous substances on any portion of the Project Site.  As used in this
subparagraph, "hazardous substances" shall have the meaning set forth in
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act,
42 U.S.C. (section) 6901, et. seq., and the regulations adopted pursuant to such
act.

               2.12.  Capital Structure.  Exhibit B attached hereto and
made a part hereof states the correct name of each of the Consolidated
Subsidiaries of the Guarantor, the jurisdiction of organization or
incorporation and the percentage of its voting stock owned by the
Guarantor.  The Guarantor has good title to all of the shares it purports
to own of the stock of each Consolidated Subsidiary, free and clear in each
case of any Lien other than Permitted Liens.  All such shares have been
duly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  

               2.13.  Solvent Financial Condition.  It is now, and after
giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, will be Solvent.

               2.14.  Restrictions.  It is not a party or subject to any
contract, agreement, or charter or other corporate restriction, which
Guarantor believes materially and adversely affects its business or the use
or ownership of any of its Properties.  The Guarantor is not a party or
subject to any contract or agreement which restricts its right or ability
to incur Indebtedness, other than as set forth on Exhibit B attached
hereto, none of which prohibit the execution of or compliance with this
Agreement by the Guarantor.  

               2.15.  Full Disclosure.  The Financial Statements referred
to in Section 2.3 above, do not, nor does this Agreement or the Bond
Documents or any Other Agreement or written statement of the Guarantor to
the Bank (including, without limitation, the Guarantor's filings, if any,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission), taken as a whole, contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to
make the statements contained therein or herein not misleading.  There is
no fact which the Guarantor has failed to disclose to the Bank in writing
which materially affects adversely or, so far as the Guarantor can now
foresee, will materially affect adversely the Properties, business,
prospects, profits, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Guarantor
or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries or the ability of the Guarantor or
the Borrower to perform this Agreement or the Bond Documents. 

               2.16.  Labor Relations.  Except as described on Exhibit B
attached hereto and made a part hereof, there are no material grievances,
disputes or controversies with any union or any other organization of the
Guarantor's employees, or threats of strikes, work stoppages or any
asserted pending demands for collective bargaining by any union or
organization which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

               2.17.  Compliance With Laws.  It has duly complied in all
material respects with, and its Properties, business operations and
leaseholds are in compliance in all material respects with, the provisions
of all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to
the Guarantor, its Properties or the conduct of its business, including,
without limitation, OSHA and all Environmental Laws, the failure to comply
with which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

               2.18.  Brokers.  There are no claims for brokerage
commissions, finder's fees or investment banking fees in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for fees owed to
the Bank and its affiliates.

               2.19.  Trade Relations.  There exists no actual or
threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or any modification
or change in, the business relationship between the Guarantor and any
customer or any group of customers whose purchases individually or in the
aggregate are material to the business of the Guarantor, or with any
material supplier, and there exists no present condition or state of facts
or circumstances which would materially affect adversely the Guarantor or
prevent the Guarantor from conducting such business after the consummation
of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement in substantially the same
manner in which it has heretofore been conducted.

               2.20.  Investment Company Act.  The Guarantor is not an
"investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company",
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

               2.21.  Survival of Representations and Warranties.  It
covenants, warrants and represents to the Bank that all representations and
warranties of the Guarantor contained in this Agreement or any of the Bond
Documents or Other Agreements shall be true at the time of its execution of
this Agreement and, the Bond Documents or Other Agreements, and shall
survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the Bank and the
parties thereto and the closing of the transactions described therein or
related thereto.  


<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE III

              Representations and Warranties of the Borrower

               The Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank (which
representations and warranties shall survive the delivery of the documents
mentioned herein and the issuance of the Letter of Credit) that:

               3.1.  Incorporation.  It is a corporation duly incorporated,
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of its
incorporation, and has the corporate or other power to own its Property and
to carry on its business as now being conducted.  

               3.2.  Power and Authority.  It is duly authorized under all
applicable provisions of law to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement
and the Bond Documents, and all action, corporate or otherwise, as
applicable, on its part required for the lawful execution, delivery and
performance hereof has been duly taken; and this Agreement and the Bond
Documents, upon the due execution and delivery hereof, will be its valid
and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to general
principles of equity.  Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the Bond
Documents, nor the fulfillment of or compliance with their respective
provisions and terms, will (a) conflict with, or result in a breach of the
terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a violation of or default
under any applicable law, regulation, judgment, writ, order or decree to
which it or any of its properties is subject, or its charter or by-laws, or
any agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is now a
party or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties is bound or affected, or (b) create any lien, charge or
encumbrance upon any of its or any of its Subsidiaries' property or assets
pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which it or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties is bound except pursuant to the Security
Instruments.

               3.3.  Governmental Authority.  It has received the written
approval of all federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities,
if any, necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement, and no further
governmental consents or approvals are required in the making or
performance of this Agreement and the Bond Documents.  

               3.4.  Project Site.  The operation of the Project complies
in all material respects with presently existing zoning and other land use
restrictions affecting the Project Site, including without limitation, any
restrictive covenants.

               3.5.  Survival of Representations and Warranties.  It
covenants, warrants and represents to the Bank that all representations and
warranties of contained in this Agreement or any of the Bond Documents
shall be true at the time of its execution of this Agreement and the Bond
Documents, and shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof
by the Bank and the parties thereto and the closing of the transactions
described therein or related thereto.  


<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE IV

         Terms of Letter of Credit, Reimbursement, Other Payments
                               and Guaranty

               4.1.  Letter of Credit.  The Bank agrees, on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth, to issue and deliver the Letter of Credit
in favor of the Trustee in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in
Article VIII hereof.  The Bank agrees that any and all payments under the
Letter of Credit will be made with the Bank's own funds.

               4.2.  Reimbursement and Other Payments.  The Borrower shall
pay to the Bank:

                    (a)  on or before 3:00 P.M., EST, but after the
               honoring of a draw by the Bank, on the date that any amount
               is drawn under the Letter of Credit, a sum equal to such
               amount so drawn under the Letter of Credit;

                    (b)  on demand, interest on any and all amounts
               remaining unpaid by the Borrower when due hereunder from the
               date such amounts become due until payment thereof in full,
               at a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal at all times
               to the lesser of (i) the Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) or
               (ii) the highest lawful rate permitted by applicable law;

                    (c)  on demand, any and all reasonable expenses
               incurred by the Bank in enforcing any rights under this
               Agreement and the Bond Documents; and

                    (d)  on demand all charges, commissions, costs and
               expenses set forth in Sections 4.4, 4.5 and 4.9 hereof.

               4.3.  Tender Advances.  (a) If the Bank shall make any
payment of that portion of the purchase price corresponding to principal
and interest of the Bonds drawn under the Letter of Credit pursuant to a
Tender Draft and the conditions set forth in Section 8.3 all have been
fulfilled, such payment shall constitute a tender advance made by the Bank
to the Borrower on the date and in the amount of such payment (a "Tender
Advance"); provided that if the conditions of said Section 8.3 have not
been fulfilled, the amount so drawn pursuant to the Tender Draft shall be
payable in accordance with the terms of Section 4.2(a) above. 
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Borrower shall repay the
unpaid amount of each Tender Advance, together with all unpaid interest
thereon on the earlier to occur of (i) such date as Bonds purchased
pursuant to a Tender Draft are resold as provided in
paragraph 4.3(d) hereof, (ii) on the date 366 days following the date of
such Tender Advance, or (iii) the Termination Date.  

               The Borrower may prepay the outstanding amount of any Tender
Advance in whole or in part, together with accrued interest to the date of
such prepayment on the date such amount is prepaid.  The Borrower shall
notify the Bank prior to 11:00 A.M., EST on the date of such prepayment of
the amount to be prepaid.

               (b)  The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid amount of
each Tender Advance from the date of such Tender Advance until such amount
is paid in full, payable monthly, in arrears, on the first day of each
month during the term of each Tender Advance and on the date such amount is
paid in full, at a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time
to time equal to the Prime Rate, provided that the unpaid amount of any
Tender Advance which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the lesser
of the Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) or the highest rate permitted by
applicable law, payable on demand and on the date such amount is paid in
full.

               (c)  Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement the Borrower has
agreed that, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, Bonds purchased
with proceeds of any Tender Draft shall be delivered by the Tender Agent to
the Bank or its designee to be held by the Bank or its designee in pledge
as collateral securing the Borrower's payment obligations to the Bank
hereunder.  Bonds so delivered to the Bank or its designee shall be
registered in the name of the Bank, or its designee, as pledgee of the
Borrower, as provided for in Section 3 of the Pledge Agreement.

               (d)  Prior to or simultaneously with the resale of Pledged
Bonds, the Borrower shall prepay or cause the Tender Agent to prepay as
provided below the then outstanding Tender Advances (in the order in which
they were made) by paying to the Bank an amount equal to the sum of (a) the
amounts advanced by the Bank pursuant to the corresponding Tender Drafts
relating to such Bonds, plus (b) the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid
interest on such Tender Advances.  Such payment shall be applied by the
Bank in reimbursement of such drawings (and as prepayment of Tender
Advances resulting from such drawings in the manner described below), and,
upon receipt by the Bank of a certificate completed and signed by the
Trustee in substantially the form of Annex F to the Letter of Credit, the
Borrower irrevocably authorizes the Bank to rely on such certificate and to
reinstate the Letter of Credit in accordance therewith.  Funds held by the
Tender Agent as a result of sales of the Pledged Bonds by the Remarketing
Agent shall be paid to the Bank by the Tender Agent to be applied to the
amounts owing by the Borrower to the Bank pursuant to this paragraph (d). 
Upon payment to the Bank of the amount of such Tender Advance to be
prepaid, together with accrued interest on such Tender Advance to the date
of such prepayment on the amount to be prepaid, the principal amount
outstanding of Tender Advances shall be reduced by the amount of such
prepayment and interest shall cease to accrue on the amount prepaid.

               4.4.  Commission and Fee.  (a) The Borrower shall pay to the
Bank a commission at the rate of one-half of one percent per annum on the
undrawn amount available to be drawn under the Letter of Credit (computed
on the date that such commission is payable) from and including the date of
issuance of the Letter of Credit until the Termination Date, payable (i) as
to the year in which the Letter of Credit is issued, on such date of
issuance, and (ii) thereafter payable annually in advance in full on the
first day of each anniversary of the issuance of the Letter of Credit.  If
the Letter of Credit is terminated or if there is a drawing under the
Letter of Credit to pay the principal of the Bonds  during the year
preceding such anniversary date, the Bank will refund to the Borrower the
applicable unused portion of the commission calculated on a pro rata basis. 


               (b)  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank, upon each drawing
under the Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms, a fee of $150 per
drawing.

               (c)  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank, upon transfer of
the Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms, a transfer fee of
$1,000.

               4.5.  Increased Costs.  In the event of any change in any
existing or future law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof
affecting the Bank which shall either (a) impose, modify or make applicable
any reserve, special deposit, capital requirement, assessment or similar
requirement against the Letter of Credit or (b) impose on the Bank any
other condition regarding the Letter of Credit, and the result of any event
referred to in clause (a) or (b) above shall be to increase the cost
(including a reasonable allocation of resources) or decrease the yield to
the Bank of issuing or maintaining the Letter of Credit (which increase in
cost shall be the result of the Bank's reasonable allocation of the
aggregate of such cost increases or yield decreases resulting from such
events), then, upon demand by the Bank, the Borrower shall immediately pay
to the Bank, from time to time as specified by the Bank, additional amounts
which shall be sufficient to compensate the Bank for such increased cost or
decreased yield.  A statement of charges submitted by the Bank, shall be
conclusive, absent manifest error, as to the amount owed.

               4.6.  Computation.  All payments of interest, commission and
other charges under this Agreement shall be computed on the per annum
basis, based upon a year of 365 (or 366, as the case may be) days, and
calculated for the actual number of days elapsed.

               4.7.  Payment Procedure.  All payments made by the Borrower
under this Agreement shall be made to the Bank in lawful currency of the
United States of America and in immediately available funds at the Bank's
offices described at the beginning of this Agreement before 12:00 Noon, EST
on the date when due, except for payments made in accordance with the terms
of Section 4.2(a).

               4.8.  Business Days.  If the date for any payment hereunder
falls on a day which is not a Business Day, then for all purposes of this
Agreement the same shall be deemed to have fallen on the next succeeding
Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in
the computation of payments of interest or commission, as the case may be.

               4.9.  Reimbursement of Expenses.  The Borrower will pay all
reasonable legal fees (computed without regard to any statutory
presumption) incurred by the Bank in connection with the preparation,
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Letter of Credit, the Bond
Documents, and all transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including
any amendments hereto or thereto or consents or waivers hereunder or
thereunder) and will also pay all fees, charges or taxes for the recording
or filing of Security Instruments.  The Borrower will also pay for all
reasonable legal expenses of the Bank in connection with the administration
of the Letter of Credit, this Agreement and the Bond Documents.  The
Borrower will, upon request, promptly reimburse the Bank for all amounts
expended, advanced or incurred by the Bank to collect or satisfy any
obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or any of the Bond
Documents, or to enforce the rights of the Bank under this Agreement or any
of the Bond Documents, which amounts will include, without limitation, all
court costs, reasonable attorneys' fees, fees of auditors and accountants
and investigation expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with any such
matters.

               4.10.  Expiration Date.  The Letter of Credit will expire on
its stated Expiration Date, unless the Bank notifies the Borrower in
writing at least 120 days prior to the Expiration Date that the Bank will
extend such applicable Expiration Date for an additional one-year period
from the then applicable Expiration Date.

               4.11.  Guaranty.  (a) the Guarantor hereby absolutely and
unconditionally guarantees, the full and timely payment when due, whether
at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of the
Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any of the
Security Instruments, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or
otherwise.  The Guarantor further agrees to pay any and all expenses
(including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses)
incurred by the Bank in enforcing or protecting its rights against the
Guarantor under this Agreement or any of the Security Instruments. 

               (b)  This is a guaranty of payment and not of collection,
and the Guarantor expressly waives any right to require that any action be
brought against the Borrower or any other guarantor or to require that
resort be had to any security, whether held by or available to the Bank or
to any other guaranty.  If the Borrower shall default in payment of the
principal, interest, or fees on or any other amount payable hereunder when
and as the same shall become due, whether by acceleration, call for
prepayment, or otherwise, or upon the occurrence of any other Event of
Default hereunder, the Guarantor, upon demand by the Bank or its successors
or assigns, will promptly and fully make such payments.  All payments by
the Guarantor shall be made in immediately available coin or currency of
the United States of America which on the respective dates of payment
thereof is legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.  Each
default in payment of the principal, interest, fees or any other amount
payable hereunder, or the occurrence of any other Event of Default
hereunder, shall give rise to a separate cause of action hereunder, and
separate suits may be brought hereunder as each cause of action arises. 
The Bank, or its successors or assigns, in its sole discretion, shall have
the right to proceed first and directly against the Guarantor and its
successors and assigns.

               (c)  The Guarantor hereby waives promptness, diligence,
notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or any requirement that
the Bank protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien
or any property subject hereto or to the Security Instruments or exhaust
any right or take any action against the Borrower or any other Person.

               (d)  The Guarantor will not exercise any rights that it may
acquire by way of subrogation under this Agreement, by any payment made
hereunder or otherwise, until all the obligations of the Borrower shall
have been paid or performed in full.  If any amount shall be paid to the
Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not have been paid or performed
in full, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Bank and
shall forthwith be paid to the Bank to be credited and applied upon the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder, whether matured or unmatured, in
accordance with the terms hereof.

               (e)  This guaranty shall continue to be effective or be
reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder is rescinded or is otherwise returned
by the Bank upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the
Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

               4.12.  Obligations Absolute.  The obligations of each of the
Borrower and the Guarantor under this Agreement shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, under all circumstances whatsoever,
including, without limitation, the following circumstances:

                    (a)  any lack of validity or enforceability of the
               Letter of Credit, the Bonds, any of the other Bond
               Documents, any of the Security Instruments or any other
               agreement or instrument related thereto;

                    (b)  any amendment or waiver of or any consent to
               departure from the terms of the Letter of Credit, the Bonds,
               any of the other Bond Documents, any of the Security
               Instruments or any other agreement or instrument related
               thereto;

                    (c)  the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or
               other right which any of the Borrower, the Guarantor or the
               Issuer may have at any time against the Trustee, any
               beneficiary or any transferee of the Letter of Credit (or
               any Person for whom the Trustee, any such beneficiary or any
               such transferee may be acting), the Bank or any other
               Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the other
               Security Instruments, the Letter of Credit, the Bond
               Documents, the Project or any unrelated transaction;

                    (d)  any statement, draft or other document presented
               under the Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent,
               invalid or insufficient in any respect, or any statement
               therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect
               whatsoever;

                    (e)  the surrender, exchange or impairment of any
               security for the performance or observance of any of the
               terms of this Agreement; or

                    (f)  any other circumstance which might otherwise
               constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the
               Borrower or a Guarantor, except subject to the qualification
               that obligations may be reinstated upon bankruptcy,
               notwithstanding payment in full of the Borrower's
               obligations to the Bank.

Notwithstanding the absolute obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantor
as provided above, the Bank shall be liable to the Borrower and the
Guarantor as provided in Section 10.4 hereof.  

               4.13.  Waiver of Guarantor's Rights.  The Guarantor hereby
waives to the fullest extent possible as and against the Borrower and its
assets any and all rights, whether at law, in equity, by agreement or
otherwise, to subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement, contribution, or any
other similar claim, cause of action or remedy that otherwise would arise
out of the Guarantor's performance of its obligations to the Bank under
this Agreement.  The preceding waiver is intended by both the Guarantor and
the Bank to be for the benefit of the Borrower, and the waiver shall be
enforceable by the Borrower or any of its successors or assigns as an
absolute defense to any action by the Guarantor against the Borrower or its
assets which arises out of the Guarantor's having made any payment to the
Bank with respect to any of the Borrower's liabilities guaranteed
hereunder.

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE V

                            Security; Insurance

               5.1.  Security.  As security for the full and timely payment
and performance by the Borrower and the Guarantor of their respective
obligations hereunder, the Borrower shall on the date hereof deliver the
Pledge Agreement to the Bank. 

               5.2.  Casualty and Liability Insurance Required.  The
Borrower will keep the Project and its Properties continuously insured
against such risks as are customarily insured against by businesses of like
size and type engaged in the same or similar operations (other than
business interruption insurance) including, without limiting the generality
of any other covenant contained herein or in the Bond Documents, casualty
insurance and general comprehensive liability insurance against claims for
bodily injury, death or property damage; provided, however, that the
insurance so required may be provided by blanket policies now or hereafter
maintained by the Borrower or the Guarantor.

               5.3.  Notice of Casualty or Taking.  In case of any material
damage to or destruction of all or any part of the Project, the Borrower
shall give prompt notice thereof to the Bank.  In case of a taking or
proposed taking of all or any material part of the Project or any right
therein by Eminent Domain, the Borrower shall give prompt notice thereof to
the Bank.  Each such notice shall describe generally the nature and extent
of such damage, destruction, taking, loss, proceeding or negotiations.
<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE VI

                           Affirmative Covenants

               Until all the Obligations to be performed and paid shall
have been performed and paid in full, and for so long as the Letter of
Credit shall be outstanding, unless the Bank shall otherwise consent in
writing, the Borrower and the Guarantor will perform and observe all
covenants and agreements contained on its respective part in this
Article VI.

               6.1.  Financial Reports and Other Data and Information.

               (a)  Quarterly Statements.  Within forty-five (45) days
after the end of each fiscal quarter, a balance sheet of the Guarantor and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries at the end of that period and an income
statement for that period and for the portion of the fiscal year ending
with such period on a consolidated and consolidating basis, setting forth
in comparative form the figures for the same period of the preceding fiscal
year, and certified by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of the
Guarantor as complete and correct in all material respects and prepared in
accordance with GAAP, except without footnotes and subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments.  

               (b)  Annual Statements.  Within ninety (90) days after the
end of each fiscal year, a detailed audited financial report of the
Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated and
consolidating basis, containing a balance sheet at the end of that period
and an income statement and statement of cash flows for that period,
setting forth in comparative form the figures for the preceding fiscal
year, and containing an unqualified opinion of independent certified public
accountants acceptable to the Bank that the financial statements were
prepared in accordance with GAAP, and that the examination in connection
with the financial statements was made in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards and accordingly included tests of the
accounting records and other auditing procedures that were considered
necessary in the circumstances.  

               (c)  SEC and Other Reports; Orders, Judgments, Etc. 
Promptly upon its becoming available, one copy of each regular or periodic
report, registration statement or prospectus filed by the Guarantor with
any securities exchange or the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
successor agency, and of any material order, judgment, decree, decision or
ruling issued by any governmental authority in any proceeding to which the
Guarantor is a party;

               (d)  Accountants' Statements.  Within the period provided in
paragraph (b) above, a letter of the accountants who render the opinion on
the financial statements, stating that they reviewed this Agreement and
that in performing the examination necessary to render an opinion on the
annual financial statements they obtained no knowledge of any such Default
or Event of Default resulting from the Guarantor's failure to observe the
financial ratios under Sections 7.5 through 7.8, or, if the accountants
have knowledge of a Default or Event of Default, a statement specifying to
the best of their knowledge the nature and period of existence of the
Default or Event of Default;

               (e)  Certificates.  At the time of the delivery of the
financial statements provided for in Section 6.1(a) and (b), an Officers'
Certificate of the Guarantor to the effect that  to the best of his
knowledge, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

               (f)  Notice of Default or Litigation.  Promptly, and in any
event within three Business Days after the Chief Financial Officer or
Controller of the Guarantor obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (1) the
occurrence of any event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default,
(2) any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against the Guarantor
which is likely to materially and adversely affect the business,
operations, property, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;

               (g)  Environmental Matters.  Promptly upon obtaining
knowledge thereof, notice of any facts or circumstances known to the
Borrower that the Guarantor reasonably believes is likely to form the basis
for the assertion of any material claim against the Guarantor relating to
environmental matters including, but not limited to, any claim arising from
past or present environmental practices asserted under CERCLA, RCRA, or any
other federal, state or local environmental statute;

               (h)  Other Information.  From time to time, such other
information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Bank may
reasonably request.

               6.2.  Books, Records and Inspections.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will keep proper books of record and account in which full, true
and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all requirements of law
shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to their
businesses and activities.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will permit
officers and designated representatives of the Bank to visit and inspect,
under guidance of officers of the Borrower and the Guarantor as applicable,
any of the properties of the Borrower and the Guarantor and to examine the
books of account of the Borrower and the Guarantor and discuss the affairs,
finances and accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantor with, and be
advised as to the same by, its and their officers, as applicable, all at
such reasonable times and intervals and to such reasonable extent as the
Bank may request.

               6.3.  Maintenance of Property, Insurance.  Exhibit D sets
forth a true and complete listing of all material insurance maintained by
the Guarantor and the Borrower as of the date hereof, with the amounts
insured on the date hereof set forth therein.  Each of the Borrower and the
Guarantor shall (i) keep all property useful and necessary in their
business in good working order and condition, except for property which has
become obsolete or is no longer useful, (ii) maintain with financially
sound and reputable insurance companies insurance which provides
substantially the same (or greater) coverage and, as to the Borrower,
against at least such risks as are described in Exhibit D, and
(iii) furnish to the Bank, upon written request, full information as to the
insurance carried.  

               6.4.  Corporate Franchises.  The Borrower and the Guarantor
will do or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve and keep in
full force and effect their existence and their material rights,
franchises, licenses and patents; provided, however, that nothing in this
Section 6.4 shall prevent the withdrawal by the Borrower or the Guarantor
of any qualification as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction where
such withdrawal could not have a material adverse effect on the business,
operations, property, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Borrower or the Guarantor and nothing in this Section 6.4
shall prevent the merger of the Borrower into the Guarantor or into a
Consolidated Subsidiary of the Guarantor.

               6.5.  Compliance with Statutes, etc.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will comply with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders
of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all governmental bodies,
domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of their businesses and
their ownership of property (including applicable statutes, regulations,
orders and restrictions relating to environmental standards and controls),
except such noncompliances as could not, in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on the business, operations, property, assets, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower and the Guarantor or
of the Borrower and the Guarantor taken as a whole.

               6.6.  ERISA.  As soon as possible and in any event within 10
days after the Borrower or the Guarantor knows that a Reportable Event has
occurred with respect to a Plan established or maintained by the Borrower,
the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate, that a material accumulated funding
deficiency has been incurred or an application is to be or has been made to
the Secretary of the Treasury for a waiver or modification of the minimum
funding standard (including any required installment payments) or an
extension of any amortization period under Section 412 of the Code with
respect to such a Plan, that a Plan has been or will be terminated,
reorganized, petitioned or declared insolvent under Title IV of ERISA in a
manner that has a Material Adverse Effect, that such a Plan has an Unfunded
Current Liability within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA giving rise to a
lien under ERISA, that proceedings will be or have been instituted to
terminate such a Plan under circumstances that will have a Material Adverse
Effect, or that the Borrower or the Guarantor or an ERISA Affiliate will
incur any material liability to or on account of such a Plan under
Section 4062, 4063 or 4064, or which is a multiemployer plan under
Section 515, 4201 or 4203 of ERISA, the Borrower and the Guarantor will
deliver to the Bank a certificate of a financial officer thereof, setting
forth details as to such occurrence and action, if any, which the Borrower,
the Guarantor or ERISA Affiliate is required or proposes to take, together
with any notices required or proposed to be given to or filed with or by
the Borrower, the Guarantor, the ERISA Affiliate, the PBGC, a Plan
participant or the Plan administrator with respect thereto.  The Borrower
and the Guarantor will deliver to the Bank a complete copy of the annual
report (Form 5500) of each Plan required to be filed with the Internal
Revenue Service or the PBGC, given to Plan participants or received by
either the Borrower or the Guarantor.

               6.7.  Performance of Obligations.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will perform all of their obligations under the terms of each
mortgage, indenture, security agreement and other agreement by which they
are bound, except such non-performances as could not in the aggregate, have
a material adverse effect on the business, operations, property, assets,
condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower and the
Guarantor or of the Borrower and the Guarantor taken as a whole.

               6.8.  Taxes and Liens.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will
promptly pay, or cause to be paid, all material taxes, assessments or other
governmental charges which may lawfully be levied or assessed upon the
income or profits of Borrower or the Guarantor or upon any Property, real,
personal or mixed, belonging to Borrower or the Guarantor, or upon any part
thereof, and also any lawful claims for labor, material and supplies which,
if unpaid, might become a lien or charge against any such property;
provided, however, neither Borrower nor the Guarantor shall be required to
pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim so long as the validity
thereof shall be actively contested in good faith by proper proceedings
and, against which the Borrower or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall
have established reserves which are in amounts satisfactory to the
Borrower's or the Guarantor's, as the case may be, independent certified
public accountants.

               6.9.  Payment of Obligations.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will pay, when due, all its material obligations and liabilities,
except where the same (other than Indebtedness) are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings diligently prosecuted and appropriate
reserves for the accrual of same are maintained and, in the case of
judgments, enforcement thereof has been stayed pending such contest.

               6.10.  Environmental Matters.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, and approvals
required in connection with the Project with respect to Hazardous Materials
(which shall mean all materials defined as "hazardous substances,"
"hazardous waste" or "solid waste" in the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act or any similar environmental statute) and the
Borrower or the Guarantor, as applicable, will remain in full compliance
with such licenses, permits and approvals, except to the extent that
failure to so comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect.  The
Borrower and the Guarantor will give the Bank copies of any citations,
orders, notices or other communications received with respect to violations
or alleged violations of any environmental laws in connection with the
Project if such violation or alleged violation is likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect.  The Borrower and the Guarantor shall indemnify and hold
the Bank and its directors, officers, shareholders and employees harmless
from and against any and all damages, penalties, fines, claims, liens,
suits, liabilities, costs (including clean-up costs) judgments and expenses
(including attorneys', consultants' or experts' fees and expenses) of every
kind and nature suffered by or asserted against the Bank as a direct or
indirect result of any warranty or representation made by the Borrower and
the Guarantor in this Section 6.11 being false or untrue in any material
respect or any requirement under any environmental law, which requires the
elimination or removal of any Hazardous Materials at the Project Site by
the Bank, the Borrower, the Guarantor or any transferee of the Borrower,
the Guarantor or the Bank, except to the extent that any such damages,
penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits, liabilities, costs, judgments, or
expenses result directly or indirectly from the actions of the Bank or any
of its directors, officers, shareholders or employees.

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE VII

                            Negative Covenants


               Until all the Obligations to be performed and paid shall
have been performed and paid in full, and for so long as the Letter of
Credit shall be outstanding, unless the Bank shall otherwise consent in
writing, the Borrower and the Guarantor covenant and agree as follows:

               7.1.  Negative Pledge; Liens.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon
or with respect to any property or assets (real or personal, tangible or
intangible) constituting the Project or sell any such property or assets
subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to
repurchase such property or assets (including sales of accounts receivable
with recourse to the Borrower or any of the Guarantor), or assign any right
to receive income or permit the filing of any financing statement under the
Uniform Commercial Code of any state or any other similar notice of Lien
under any similar recording or notice statute; provided that the provisions
of this Section 7.1 shall not prevent the creation, incurrence, assumption
or existence of:

                        (i)   Liens in favor of the Bank;

                       (ii)   Liens for taxes not yet due, or Liens for
                    taxes being contested in good faith and by appropriate
                    proceedings for which adequate reserves have been
                    established;

                      (iii)   Except as hereinafter set forth, Liens in
                    respect of property or assets of the Borrower or the
                    Guarantor imposed by law, which were incurred in the
                    ordinary course of business, such as carriers',
                    warehousemen's and mechanics' liens and other similar
                    Liens arising in the ordinary course of business, not
                    to exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate, and (x) which
                    do not in the aggregate materially detract from the
                    value of such property or assets or materially impair
                    the use thereof in the operation of the business of the
                    Borrower or the Guarantor or (y) which are being
                    contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
                    which proceedings have the effect of preventing the
                    forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to
                    any such Lien;

                       (iv)   Liens in existence on the date hereof which
                    are listed, and the property subject thereto described
                    in Exhibit C, with an indication therein that such
                    Liens are "Permitted Liens" hereunder, provided that if
                    in Exhibit C any Lien is listed as being a Permitted
                    Lien only for a designated time period, such Lien shall
                    cease to be a Permitted Lien after the expiration of
                    such time period;

                        (v)   Permitted Encumbrances;

                       (vi)   Liens created pursuant to the Security
                    Instruments; and

                      (vii)   Utility deposits and pledges or deposits in
                    connection with worker's compensation, unemployment
                    insurance and other social security legislation;

               7.2.  Consolidation or Merger.  The Guarantor will not enter
into any transaction of merger or consolidation, except for mergers in
which the Guarantor is the surviving entity.  

               7.3.  Sale of Assets, Dissolution, Etc.  Subject to Section
7.2 hereof, the Guarantor will not (a) transfer, sell, assign, lease or
otherwise dispose of properties or assets including notes, franchises or
contract rights, or any stock (valued at book value) or any Indebtedness of
any Subsidiary in any fiscal year which taken together have an aggregate
book value in excess of thirty percent (30%) of Consolidated Net Worth,
except in the ordinary course of business, or (b) change the nature of its
business, or wind up, liquidate or dissolve, or agree to do any of the
foregoing.  

               7.4.  Loans and Investments.  The Guarantor will not make or
permit to remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or own, purchase or
acquire any stock or securities of, or any interest in, or make any capital
contribution to or investment in, any other Person, except that the
Guarantor or any Subsidiary may

                    (i)  make or permit to remain outstanding loans,
               advances and capital contributions to and investments in,
               and acquire any stock or securities of any wholly-owned
               Subsidiary;  

                   (ii)  own, purchase or acquire (a) Government
               Obligations (as defined in the Indenture), (b) deposit
               accounts with and certificates of deposit of commercial
               banks with a capital and surplus in excess of Fifty Million
               Dollars ($50,000,000), (c) banker's acceptances drawn on or
               accepted by commercial banks with a capital and surplus in
               excess of Fifty Million   Dollars ($50,000,000), (d)
                                        repurchase agreements secured by
                                        obligations of the type specified
                                        in (a) above due not more than one
                                        year from the date of acquisition
                                        thereof, and (e) commercial paper
                                        rated A-2 or better by Moody's and
                                        variable rate preferred stock rated
                                        A or better by Standard & Poor's; 

                  (iii)  acquire any amount of stock or securities of, or
               any interest in, or make any capital contribution to or
               investment in, any other Person in connection with an
               acquisition of more than 50% of the voting stock of or other
               controlling interest in such Person provided the acquired
               Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Guarantor included in the
               Guarantor's balance sheet as a Consolidated Subsidiary;

                  (iv)   make loans and advances to employees of the
               Guarantor and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of
               business; and

                  (v)    make or permit to remain outstanding other loans
               and advances to, and purchase and acquire stock and
               securities of, and make capital contributions to or
               investments in other Persons (including without limitation
               Persons which are not Subsidiaries of the Guarantor), in an
               aggregate amount not to exceed forty percent (40%) of
               Consolidated Net Worth.

               7.5.  Consolidated Total Liabilities to Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth.  The Guarantor will not at any time permit the ratio of
its Consolidated Total Liabilities to its Consolidated Tangible Net Worth
to be greater than 1.25 to 1.0.

               7.6.  Coverage Ratio.  The Guarantor will not at any time
permit the ratio of EBIT for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters
to Interest Expense, for the same period, to be less than 2.50 to 1.0.

               7.7.  Current Ratio.  The Guarantor will not permit the
ratio of Consolidated Current Assets to Consolidated Current Liabilities,
at any time, to be less than 2.50 to 1.0.

               7.8.  Consolidated Net Worth.  The Guarantor will not permit
Consolidated Net Worth to be less than $250,000,000 at December 31, 1993 or
such higher amount as hereinafter set forth.  The Consolidated Net Worth of
the Guarantor shall increase quarterly, beginning with the fiscal quarter
ended December 31, 1993, by an amount equal to 50% of the Consolidated Net
Income (if positive) of the Guarantor for such fiscal quarter.

<PAGE>
                               ARTICLE VIII

                Conditions to Issuance of Letter of Credit

               8.1.  Conditions of Issuance.  On or prior to the date of
issuance of the Letter of Credit, the Borrower and the Guarantor shall have
furnished to the Bank, in form satisfactory to the Bank, the following:

                    (a)  two executed counterparts of this Agreement and
                         executed counterparts of each of the Security
                         Instruments;

                    (b)  executed counterparts of each of the Bond
                         Documents (except for the Bonds, as to which a
                         specimen copy may be furnished);

                    (c)  evidence of compliance with the insurance
                         requirements contained in Article VI hereof;

                    (d)  an opinion dated the date hereof addressed to, and
                         in form and substance acceptable to, the Bank from
                         the Issuer's counsel, as to such matters as the
                         Bank may require;

                    (e)  opinion(s) of counsel for the Borrower and the
                         Guarantor dated the date hereof addressed to, and
                         substantially in the form attached hereto as
                         Exhibit E and otherwise in form and substance
                         acceptable to, the Bank;

                    (f)  certificates of the Borrower and the Guarantor, as
                         applicable, including references to (i) Articles
                         of Incorporation, By-laws and other charter
                         documents as applicable, (ii) resolutions of the
                         Board of Directors, authorizing the execution,
                         delivery and performance of the appropriate Bond
                         Documents, this Agreement and the Security
                         Instruments to which the Borrower or the
                         Guarantor, as the case may be, is a party,
                         (iii) incumbency and specimen signatures of
                         officers, and (iv) such other matters as the Bank
                         may require;

                    (g)  (a) copies of the Articles of Incorporation, By-
                         laws or other charter documents, as applicable, of
                         the Guarantor, certified as true and correct by an
                         authorized officer as of the date of issuance of
                         the Bonds; and (b) as to any corporations,
                         certificates dated no earlier than 20 days prior
                         to the date of issuance of the Bonds of the
                         Secretary of State of the applicable states as to
                         the good standing of the Borrower and the
                         Guarantor; 

                    (h)  an opinion of Bond Counsel, in substantially the
                         form of Exhibit F hereto in form and substance
                         satisfactory to the Bank and its counsel, and as
                         to such other matters as the Bank may reasonably
                         request;

                    (i)  copies of all governmental approvals required in
                         connection with this transaction, including the
                         resolution of the Issuer authorizing the
                         authentication and issuance of the Bonds;

                    (j)  evidence of payment to the Bank of the commission
                         pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement;

                    (k)  such other documents, instruments and
                         certifications as the Bank may reasonably require.

               8.2  Additional Conditions Precedent to Issuance of the
Letter of Credit.  (a) The obligation of the Bank to issue the Letter of
Credit shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the
date of issuance the following statements shall be true and the Bank shall
have received a certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer or
Controller of the Borrower and by the Guarantor, dated the date of
issuance, stating that:

                   (i)   The representations and warranties contained in
               Article II and Article III of this Agreement, Section 5 of
               the Pledge Agreement Section 2.2 of the Sale Agreement are
               correct on and as of the date of issuance of the Letter of
               Credit as though made on and as of such date; and

                  (ii)   No event has occurred or would result from the
               issuance of the Letter of Credit, which constitutes an Event
               of Default or would constitute an Event of Default but for
               the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both;

and (b) there shall have been no introduction of or change in, or in the
interpretation of, any law or regulation that would make it unlawful or
unduly burdensome for the Bank to issue the Letter of Credit, no outbreak
or escalation of hostilities or other calamity or crisis, no suspension of
or material limitation on trading on the New York Stock Exchange or any
other national securities exchange, no declaration of a general banking
moratorium by United States or North Carolina banking authorities, and no
establishment of any new restrictions on transactions in securities or on
banks materially affecting the free market for securities or the extension
of credit by banks.

               8.3.  Conditions Precedent to Each Tender Advance.  Each
payment made by the Bank under the Letter of Credit pursuant to a Tender
Draft shall constitute a Tender Advance hereunder only if on the date of
such payment no event has occurred or would result from such Tender
Advance, which constitutes an Event of Default or would constitute an Event
of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or
both.

Unless the Borrower or the Guarantor shall have previously advised the Bank
in writing or the Bank has actual knowledge that the above statement is no
longer true, the Borrower and the Guarantor shall be deemed to have
represented and warranted, on the date of payment by the Bank under the
Letter of Credit pursuant to a Tender Draft, that on the date of such
payment the above statement is true and correct.

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE IX

                                  Default

               9.1.  Events of Default.  Each of the following shall
constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement, whereupon all
obligations, whether then owing or contingently owing, will, at the option
of the Bank or its successors or assigns, immediately become due and
payable by the Borrower without presentation, demand, protest or notice of
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, and the Borrower will
pay the reasonable attorneys' fees incurred by the Bank, or its successors
or assigns, in connection with such Event of Default:

                    (a)  Failure of the Borrower or the Guarantor to pay
               within five (5) days of the date when due any payment of
               principal, interest, commission, charge or expense referred
               to in Article IV hereof; or

                    (b)  The occurrence of an "Event of Default" under any
               of the Security Instruments or any of the Bond Documents; or

                    (c)  If the Borrower or the Guarantor default in the
               payment of principal when due, whether by acceleration or
               otherwise, or interest on any other Indebtedness in excess
               of $15 million beyond any period of grace provided with
               respect thereto, or in the performance of any other
               agreement, term or condition contained in any agreement
               under which any such obligation is created, if the effect of
               such default is to cause, or permit the holder or holders of
               such obligation (or a trustee for such holder or holders) to
               cause, such obligation to become due prior to its stated
               maturity; or

                    (d)  If any representation, warranty, certification or
               statement made by the Borrower or the Guarantor herein, or
               in any writing furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or
               any of the Guarantor in connection with the loan by the
               Issuer under the Sale Agreement or pursuant to this
               Agreement, or any of the Security Instruments shall have
               been false, misleading or incomplete in any material respect
               on the date as of which made; or

                    (e)  If the Borrower or the Guarantor default in the
               performance or observance of any agreement or covenant
               contained in Article VII hereof; or

                    (f)  If the Borrower or the Guarantor default in the
               performance or observance of any other agreement, covenant,
               term or condition contained herein, and such default shall
               not have been remedied thirty (30) days after written notice
               thereof shall have been received by it from the Bank; or

                    (g)  The Borrower or the Guarantor shall make an
               assignment for the benefit of creditors, file a petition in
               bankruptcy, have entered against or in favor of it an order
               for relief under the Federal Bankruptcy Code or similar law
               of any foreign jurisdiction, generally fail to pay its debts
               as they come due (either as to number or amount), admit in
               writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they
               mature, make a voluntary assignment for the benefit of
               creditors, commence any voluntary assignment for the benefit
               of creditors, commence any proceeding relating to it under
               any reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt,
               dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any
               jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect, or by any
               act, indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in
               any such proceeding for the appointment of any receiver of,
               or trustee or custodian (as defined in the Federal
               Bankruptcy Code) for itself, or any substantial part of its
               property, or a trustee or a receiver shall be appointed for
               the Borrower or for a substantial part of the property of
               the Borrower or the Guarantor and such appointment remains
               in effect for more than sixty (60) days, or a petition in
               bankruptcy or for reorganization shall be filed against the
               Borrower or the Guarantor and such petition shall not be
               dismissed within sixty (60) days after such filing;

                    (h)  If a final judgment, which with other outstanding
               final judgments against the Borrower or the Guarantor
               exceeds an aggregate of Eight Million Dollars ($8,000,000),
               in excess of insurance, shall be rendered against the
               Borrower or the Guarantor and if within 30 days after entry
               thereof such judgment shall not have been discharged or
               execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or if within 30
               days after the expiration of any such stay such judgment
               shall not have been discharged; 

then at any time thereafter, the Bank may (a) pursuant to Section 902 of
the Indenture, advise the Trustee that an Event of Default has occurred and
instruct the Trustee to declare the principal of all Bonds then outstanding
and interest thereon to be immediately due and payable, and (b) proceed
hereunder, and under the Security Instruments and, to the extent therein
provided, under the Bond Documents, in such order as it may elect and the
Bank shall have no obligation to proceed against any Person or exhaust any
other remedy or remedies which it may have and without resorting to any
other security, whether held by or available to the Bank.  

               9.2.  No Remedy Exclusive.  No remedy herein conferred upon
or reserved to the Bank is intended to be exclusive of any other available
remedy or remedies, but each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and
shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder and the Security
Instruments or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute.

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE X

                               Miscellaneous

               10.1.  Indemnification.  (a) Each of the Borrower and the
Guarantor, jointly and severally, hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank
harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses whatsoever which the Bank may incur (or which may be
claimed against the Bank by any Person) (i) by reason of or in connection
with the execution and delivery or transfer of, or payment or failure to
pay under, the Letter of Credit, provided that the Borrower and the
Guarantor shall not be required to indemnify the Bank for any claims,
damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses to the extent, but only to
the extent, caused by (a) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the
Bank in connection with paying drafts presented under the Letter of Credit
or (b) the Bank's willful failure to pay under the Letter of Credit (other
than in connection with a court order) after the presentation to it by the
Trustee or a successor corporate fiduciary under the Indenture of a sight
draft and certificate strictly complying with the terms and conditions of
the Letter of Credit or (c) any other failure of the Bank to conform to the
Uniform Customs and Practice; or (ii) by reason of or in connection with
the execution, delivery or performance of any of this Agreement, the
Security Instruments or any transaction contemplated by any thereof.

               (b)  Each of the Borrower and the Guarantor, jointly and
severally, hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank harmless from and against
any and all damages, penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits, liabilities,
costs (including clean-up costs), judgments and expenses (including
attorneys', consultants' or experts' fees and expenses) of every kind and
nature suffered by or asserted against the Bank as a direct or indirect
result of any warranty or representation made by the Borrower and the
Guarantor in Sections 2.11 hereof, respectively, being false or untrue in
any material respect or any requirement under any law, regulation or
ordinance, local, state, or federal, which requires the elimination or
removal of any hazardous materials, substances, wastes or other
environmentally regulated substances at the Project Site, except to the
extent that any such damages, penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits,
liabilities, costs, judgments or expenses result directly or indirectly
from the actions of the Bank or any of its directors, officers,
shareholders or employees.  The Borrower's and the Guarantor's obligations
hereunder to the Bank shall not be limited to any extent by the term of
this Agreement, and, as to any act or occurrence prior to the termination
of this Agreement which gives rise to liability hereunder, shall continue,
survive and remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination
of the Bank's obligations hereunder.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, nothing in this
Section 10.1 is intended or shall be construed to limit the Borrower's
reimbursement obligation or the Guarantor's guaranty obligation contained
in Article IV hereof.  Without prejudice to the survival of any other
obligation of the Borrower or the Guarantor, the indemnities and
obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantor contained in this
Section 10.1 shall survive the payment in full of amounts payable pursuant
to Article IV and the Termination Date.

               10.2.  Transfer of Letter of Credit.  The Letter of Credit
may be transferred and assigned in accordance with the terms of the Letter
of Credit.

               10.3.  Reduction of Letter of Credit.  (a) The Letter of
Credit is subject to reduction pursuant to its terms.

                    (b)  If the amount available to be drawn under the
Letter of Credit shall be permanently reduced in accordance with the terms
thereof, then the Bank shall have the right to require the Trustee to
surrender the Letter of Credit to the Bank and to issue on such date, in
substitution for such outstanding Letter of Credit, a substitute
irrevocable letter of credit, substantially in the form of the Letter of
Credit but with such changes therein as shall be appropriate to give effect
to such reduction, dated such date, for the amount to which the amount
available to be drawn under the Letter of Credit shall have been reduced.

               10.4.  Liability of the Bank.  Neither the Bank nor any of
its officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants shall be liable
or responsible for:

                    (a)  the use which may be made of the Letter of Credit
               or for any acts or omissions of the Trustee or any
               beneficiary or transferee in connection therewith;

                    (b)  the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of
               documents, or of any endorsement(s) thereon, even if such
               documents should in fact prove to be in any or all respects
               invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged;

                    (c)  payment by the Bank against presentation of
               documents which do not comply with the terms of the Letter
               of Credit, including failure of any documents to bear any
               reference or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; or

                    (d)  any other circumstances whatsoever in any way
               related to the making or failure to make payment under the
               Letter of Credit;

except only that the Borrower and the Guarantor shall have a claim against
the Bank, and the Bank shall be liable to the Borrower and the Guarantor,
to the extent but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to
consequential, damages suffered by the Borrower or the Guarantor which were
caused by (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Bank in
determining whether documents presented under the Letter of Credit complied
with the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) wrongful failure of the Bank
to pay under the Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the
Trustee or a successor trustee under the Indenture of a sight draft and
certificate strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the Letter
of Credit or (iii) any other failure of the Bank to conform to the
requirements of the Uniform Customs and Practice.  In furtherance and not
in limitation of the foregoing, the Bank may accept documents that appear
on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further
investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary.

               10.5.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be
binding upon the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Bank, their respective
successors and assigns and all rights against the Borrower or the Guarantor
arising under this Agreement shall be for the sole benefit of the Bank, its
successors and assigns, all of whom shall be entitled to enforce
performance and observance of this Agreement to the same extent as if they
were parties hereto.

               10.6.  Notices.  All notices, requests and demands to or
upon the respective parties hereto shall be deemed to have been given or
made when hand delivered or mailed first class, certified or registered
mail, postage prepaid, or by overnight courier service, addressed as
follows or to such other address as the parties hereto shall have been
notified pursuant to this Section 10.6:

               The Bank:         The First Union National Bank 
                                   of North Carolina
                                 Two First Union Center, 7th Floor
                                 Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0742
                                 Attention:  International Operations

               with a copy to:   The First Union National Bank
                                   of North Carolina
                                 One First Union Plaza, 19th Floor
                                 Charlotte, North Carolina  28288
                                 Attention:  Capital Markets

               The Borrower:     Spence Engineering Company, Inc.
                                 c/o Watts Regulator Co.
                                 815 Chestnut Street
                                 North Andover, Massachusetts 01845
                                 Attention:  Corporate Controller

               The Guarantor:    Watts Industries, Inc.
                                 Route 114 and Chestnut Street
                                 North Andover, MA  01845

except in cases where it is expressly herein provided that such notice,
request or demand is not effective until received by the party to whom it
is addressed, in which event said notice, request or demand shall be
effective only upon receipt by the addressee.

               10.7  Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended, modified or
discharged only upon an agreement in writing of the Borrower, the Guarantor
and the Bank.

               10.8.  Effect of Delay and Waivers.  No delay or omission to
exercise any right or power accruing upon any default, omission or failure
of performance hereunder shall impair any such right or power or shall be
construed to be a waiver thereof, but any such right and power may be
exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.  In
order to entitle the Bank to exercise any remedy now or hereafter existing
at law or in equity or by statute, it shall not be necessary to give any
notice, other than such notice as may be herein expressly required.  In the
event any provision contained in this Agreement should be breached by any
party and thereafter waived by the other party so empowered to act, such
waiver shall be limited to the particular breach hereunder.  No waiver,
amendment, release or modification of this Agreement shall be established
by conduct, custom or course of dealing, but solely by an instrument in
writing duly executed by the parties thereunto duly authorized by this
Agreement.

               10.9.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed
simultaneously in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

               10.10.  Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of
any one or more phrases, sentences, clauses or Sections contained in this
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining
portions of this Agreement, or any part thereof.

               10.11.  Cost of Collection.  Each of the Borrower and the
Guarantor shall be liable for the payment of all reasonable fees and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (computed without regard to
any statutory presumption), incurred in connection with the enforcement of
this Agreement.

               10.12.  Set Off.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
hereunder, the Bank is hereby authorized, without notice to the Borrower or
the Guarantor, to set off, appropriate and apply any and all monies,
securities and other properties of the Borrower or the Guarantor hereafter
held or received by or in transit to the Bank from or for the Borrower or
the Guarantor, against the obligations of the Borrower or the Guarantor
irrespective of whether the Bank shall have made any demand hereunder or
any other Credit Security Instrument under and although such obligations
may be contingent or unmatured.

               10.13.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.  The
Guarantor hereby acknowledge that the Letter of Credit shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with Uniform Customs and Practice.

               10.14.  References.  The words "herein", "hereof",
"hereunder" and other words of similar import when used in this Agreement
refer to this Agreement as a whole, and not to any particular article,
section or subsection.

               10.15.  Consent to Jurisdiction, Venue.  In the event that
any action, suit or other proceeding is brought against the Borrower or the
Guarantor by or on behalf of the Bank to enforce the observance or
performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement or of any of the
Security Instruments, including without limitation the collection of any
amounts owing thereunder, each of the Borrower and the Guarantor hereby
(i) irrevocably consents to the exercise of jurisdiction over the Borrower
and the Guarantor and to the extent permitted by applicable laws, their
property, by the United States District Court, Southern District of North
Carolina, and by Supreme Court of North Carolina or the State Court and
(ii) irrevocably waives any objection it might now or hereafter have or
assert to the venue of any such proceeding in any court described in
clause (i) above.
<PAGE>
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Bank
have caused this Agreement to be executed in their respective names, as a
sealed instrument all as of the date first above written.

                                        THE BORROWER:

                                        SPENCE ENGINEERING COMPANY, INC.



                                        By: /s/ William C. McCartney
                                           -------------------------
                                           Title: Assistant Treasurer

<PAGE>

                                        THE GUARANTOR:

                                        WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.



                                        By: /s/ Kenneth J. McAvoy
                                           -----------------------
                                           Title: Vice President of Finance

<PAGE>
                                        THE BANK:

                                        THE FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK OF
                                        NORTH CAROLINA



                                        By: /s/ Douglas Shaw
                                           --------------------------
                                             Title: AVP


ATTEST:


/s/ (Signature)
_______________________
Title: Ass't Sec'ty

                                        (Corporate Seal)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>






                              TRUST INDENTURE



              VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY


                                    and


                    THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                as Trustee



                               securing the

                                $7,500,000
              Village of Walden Industrial Development Agency
              Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds
             (Spence Engineering Company Project), Series 1994





                         DATED AS OF JUNE 1, 1994






                                                                           

<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       Page

Parties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
Recitals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1

Forms:
     Form of Bond. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    3
     Form of Bondholder's Optional Retention Notice. . . . . . . . . . . 17


ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

     Section 101.  Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
     Section 102.  Rules of Construction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

ARTICLE II THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

     Section 201.  Amount, Terms, and Issuance of the Bonds. . . . . . . 28
     Section 202.  Designation, Denominations, Maturity Date and
                   Interest Rates of the Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     Section 203.  Optional Tender Provisions of the Bonds . . . . . . . 32
     Section 204.  Registered Bonds Required; Bond Registrar and Bond
                   Register. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
     Section 205.  Transfer and Exchange . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
     Section 206.  Execution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
     Section 207.  Authentication; Authenticating Agent. . . . . . . . . 35
     Section 208.  Payment of Principal and Interest; Interest Rights
                   Preserved . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
     Section 209.  Persons Deemed Owners . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     Section 210.  Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost, Stolen or Undelivered
                   Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     Section 211.  Temporary Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
     Section 212.  Cancellation of Surrendered Bonds . . . . . . . . . . 38
     Section 213.  Conditions of Issuance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38

ARTICLE III        PURCHASE AND REMARKETING OF TENDERED BONDS. . . . . . 40

     Section 301.  Remarketing of Tendered Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
     Section 302.  Purchase of Bonds Delivered to the Tender Agent . . . 41
     Section 303.  Delivery of Purchased Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
     Section 304.  Delivery of the Proceeds of the Sale of Remarketed
                   Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
     Section 305.  No Remarketing After Certain Events . . . . . . . . . 43

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IV REFUNDING OF PRIOR BONDS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

     Section 401.  Refunding of Prior Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

ARTICLE V  REVENUES AND APPLICATION THEREOF. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

     Section 501.  Revenues to be Paid Over to Trustee . . . . . . . . . 44
     Section 502.  The Bond Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
     Section 503.  Revenues to Be Held for All Bondholders; Certain
                   Exceptions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
     Section 504.  Rebate Fund . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46

ARTICLE VI DEPOSITARIES OF MONEYS, SECURITY FOR DEPOSITS AND
           INVESTMENT OF FUNDS; THE CREDIT FACILITY. . . . . . . . . . . 46

     Section 601.  Security for Deposits.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
     Section 602.  Investment of Moneys. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
     Section 603.  The Credit Facility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47

ARTICLE VII        REDEMPTION OR PURCHASE OF THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . 50

     Section 701.  Redemption or Purchase Dates and Prices . . . . . . . 50
     Section 702.  Company to Direct Optional Redemption . . . . . . . . 52
     Section 703.  Selection of Bonds to be Called for Redemption. . . . 52
     Section 704.  Notice of Redemption or Purchase. . . . . . . . . . . 53
     Section 705.  Bonds Redeemed or Purchased in Part . . . . . . . . . 54

ARTICLE VIII       PARTICULAR COVENANTS AND PROVISIONS . . . . . . . . . 54

     Section 801.  Covenant to Pay the Bonds; Bonds Limited
                   Obligations of the Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
     Section 802.  Covenants to Perform Obligations Under this
                   Indenture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
     Section 803.  Covenant to Perform Obligations Under the Sale
                   Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
     Section 804.  Trustee May Enforce the Issuer's Rights Under the
                   Sale Agreement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
     Section 805.  Covenant Against Arbitrage. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
     Section 806.  Inspection of the Bond Register . . . . . . . . . . . 56
     Section 807.  Priority of Pledge and Security Interest. . . . . . . 56
     Section 808.  Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds . . . . . . . . . 56

<PAGE>

ARTICLE IX DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56

     Section 901.  Defaults. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
     Section 902.  Acceleration and Annulment Thereof. . . . . . . . . . 57
     Section 903.  Other Remedies. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
     Section 904.  Legal Proceedings by the Trustee. . . . . . . . . . . 59
     Section 905.  Discontinuance of Proceedings by the Trustee. . . . . 59
     Section 906.  Credit Facility Issuer or Bondholders May Direct
                   Proceedings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
     Section 907.  Limitations on Actions by the Bondholders . . . . . . 60
     Section 908.  Trustee May Enforce Rights Without Possession of
                   the Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
     Section 909.  Remedies Not Exclusive. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
     Section 910.  Delays and Omissions Not to Impair Rights . . . . . . 61
     Section 911.  Application of Moneys in the Event of Default . . . . 61
     Section 912.  Trustee and Bondholders Entitled to All Remedies
                   Under the Act . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
     Section 913.  Trustee May File Claim in Bankruptcy. . . . . . . . . 62
     Section 914.  Receiver. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63

ARTICLE X  CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63

     Section 1001. Acceptance of the Trusts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63
     Section 1002. Trustee to Give Notice. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
     Section 1003. Trustee Entitled to Indemnity . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
     Section 1004. Trustee Not Responsible for Insurance, Taxes,
                   Execution of this Indenture, Acts of the Issuer or
                   Application of the Moneys Applied in Accordance
                   with this Indenture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
     Section 1005. Compensation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1006. Trustee to Preserve Records . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1007. Trustee May Be a Bondholder . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1008. Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals. . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1009. No Trustee Responsibility for Recording or Filing . . 68
     Section 1010. Trustee May Require Information . . . . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1011. Trustee May Rely on Certificates. . . . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1012. Trustee Bond. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1013. Segregation of Funds; Interests . . . . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1014. Qualification of the Trustee. . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
     Section 1015. Resignation and Removal of the Trustee. . . . . . . . 69
     Section 1016. Successor Trustee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
     Section 1017. Co-Trustee. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71
     Section 1018. Notice to Moody's or S&P. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71
     Section 1019. Filing of Certain Continuation Statements . . . . . . 72

ARTICLE XI EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS BY THE BONDHOLDERS
           AND PROOF OF OWNERSHIP OF THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72

     Section 1101. Execution of Instruments by the Bondholders and
                   Proof of Ownership of the Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . 72
     Section 1102. Preservation of Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73

ARTICLE XII        THE REMARKETING AGENT; THE
           TENDER AGENT; THE PLACEMENT AGENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73

     Section 1201. The Remarketing Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73
     Section 1202. The Tender Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74
     Section 1203. The Placement Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
     Section 1204. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75

ARTICLE XIII       AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75

     Section 1301. Amendments and Supplements Without the
                   Bondholders' Consent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
     Section 1302. Amendments With the Bondholders' and the Credit
                   Facility Issuer's Consent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
     Section 1303. Supplemental Indentures Affecting the Rights of
                   the Credit Facility Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
     Section 1304. Amendment of the Sale Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . 77
     Section 1305. Amendment of the Sale Agreement Requiring the
                   Consent of the Credit Facility Issuer . . . . . . . . 78
     Section 1306. Amendment of the Credit Facility. . . . . . . . . . . 78
     Section 1307. Trustee Authorized to Join in Amendments and
                   Supplements; Reliance on Counsel. . . . . . . . . . . 78

ARTICLE XIV        DEFEASANCE; OTHER PAYMENTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79

     Section 1401. Defeasance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79
     Section 1402. Deposit of Funds for Payment of the Bonds . . . . . . 80
     Section 1403. Effect of Purchase of the Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . 81

ARTICLE XV MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81

     Section 1501. Covenants of the Issuer to Bind its Successors. . . . 81
     Section 1502. Notices . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
     Section 1503. Trustee as the Paying Agent and the Bond Registrar. . 83
     Section 1504. Rights Under this Indenture . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1505. Form of Certificates and Opinions . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1506. Severability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1507. Covenants of the Issuer Not Covenants of Officials
                   Individually. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1508. State Law Governs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
     Section 1509. Payments Due on Days Other Than Business Days . . . . 84
     Section 1510. Execution in Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84

Execution by the Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Execution by the Trustee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85

Exhibit A  Form of Bondholder's Optional Tender Notice . . . . . . . . . 86
Exhibit B  Notice of Conversion. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88

<PAGE>
                         _________________________

                              TRUST INDENTURE

                         _________________________


     This TRUST INDENTURE, dated as of June 1, 1994, between Village of
Walden Industrial Development Agency (the "Issuer"), a body corporate and
politic of the State of New York, and The First National Bank of Boston, a
national banking association, having its principal office in Boston,
Massachusetts (in its capacity as trustee to be hereinafter referred to as
the "Trustee").

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Issuer intends to (a) issue and sell its variable rate
industrial revenue refunding bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
$7,500,000 (the "Bonds"); (b) pursuant to a Sale Agreement (the "Sale
Agreement") of even date herewith, use the proceeds of the Bonds to refund
the Issuer's $7,500,000 Village of Walden Industrial Development Agency
(Spence Engineering Company Project), Series 1984 Bonds (the "Prior
Bonds"); (c) to sell the Project (as defined in the Sale Agreement) to the
Company; and (d) secure the repayment of the Bonds by (1) the assignment
contained herein from the Issuer to the Trustee, pursuant to which the
Issuer assigns to the Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders
(hereinafter defined) certain of its rights under the Sale Agreement,
endorses without recourse to the order of, and pledges and assigns to, the
Trustee, the Note of even date herewith issued by the Company pursuant to
the Sale Agreement (the "Note"), and (2) the delivery to the Trustee of an
irrevocable direct pay letter of credit dated the date of issuance of the
Bonds in the amount of $7,875,000, issued by First Union National Bank of
North Carolina;

     WHEREAS, as security for the payment of the Bonds, the Issuer has
agreed to assign and pledge to the Trustee all right, title and interest of
the Issuer in (a) the Sale Agreement (except certain rights reserved by the
Issuer under the terms of this Indenture), (b) the "Pledged Revenues"
(hereinafter defined), and (c) all amounts on deposit from time to time in
the "Bond Fund" (hereinafter defined), but excluding any amounts on deposit
in the "Rebate Account" (hereinafter defined); and 

     WHEREAS, the Company and First Union National Bank of North Carolina,
a national banking association (the "Bank") have entered into a Letter of
Credit and Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of June 1, 1994
(the "Reimbursement Agreement") pursuant to which the Bank has agreed to
issue its irrevocable direct-pay letter of credit, dated the date of the
delivery of the Bonds (the "Letter of Credit"), in favor of the Trustee,
for the account of the Company obligating the Bank to pay the Trustee upon
draws made by the Trustee in accordance with the terms thereof, up to (i)
an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then
Outstanding (as hereinafter defined) to be used by the Trustee (a) to pay
the principal of such Bonds whether at maturity, upon redemption,
acceleration or otherwise, and (b) to pay the portion of the purchase price
equal to the principal amount of any such Bonds delivered to the Tender
Agent (hereinafter defined) for purchase, plus (ii) an amount equal to up
to one hundred twenty (120) days' accrued interest on the Bonds at the
maximum interest rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum, to be used by the
Trustee to pay accrued interest on the Bonds and to pay the portion of the
purchase price of tendered Bonds equal to the accrued interest, if any, on
any such Bonds; and

     WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Bonds, when authenticated by
the Trustee and issued and delivered as provided in this Indenture, the
legal, valid, binding and enforceable limited obligations of the Issuer,
according to the import thereof, and to create a valid assignment and
pledge of the Pledged Revenues to the payment of the principal of, and the
redemption premium (if any) and the interest on, the Bonds and a valid
assignment of certain of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in
the Sale Agreement and the Note, have been done and performed, and the
execution, issuance and delivery of the Bonds, subject to the terms hereof,
have in all respects been authorized; and 

     WHEREAS, the Trustee has accepted the trusts created by this Indenture
and in evidence thereof has joined in the execution hereof; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer has determined that the Bonds to be issued
hereunder shall be substantially in the following form, with such
variations, omissions and insertions as are required or permitted by this
Indenture:

                              [Form of Bond]
                                                            CUSIP _________

THE PRINCIPAL OF, REDEMPTION PREMIUM, IF ANY, AND INTEREST ON THIS BOND ARE
SPECIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER PAYABLE SOLELY FROM THE SOURCES AND
SPECIAL FUNDS PLEDGED FOR THEIR BENEFIT PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE.  THIS
BOND SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A DEBT OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY POLITICAL
SUBDIVISION THEREOF OR THE ISSUER WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY PROVISION OF
THE CONSTITUTION OR LAWS OF THE STATE AND SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE
TO A PECUNIARY LIABILITY OF THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION THEREOF
OR THE ISSUER OR A CHARGE AGAINST THE GENERAL CREDIT OR TAXING POWERS OF
ANY OF THEM.

THIS BOND MAY BE TENDERED FOR PURCHASE AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.  DELIVERY OF AN
OPTIONAL TENDER NOTICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS BOND CONSTITUTES AN IRREVOCABLE
OFFER TO SELL THIS BOND ON THE DATE SPECIFIED THEREIN AND IS BINDING ON
SUBSEQUENT OWNERS OF THIS BOND.  IN THE EVENT THE OWNER OF THIS BOND FAILS
TO DELIVER THIS BOND TO THE TENDER AGENT ON THE SPECIFIED DATE, THE OWNER
HEREOF SHALL THEREAFTER BE ENTITLED ONLY TO PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE
AND NOT TO THE BENEFITS OF THE INDENTURE.  THIS BOND ALSO IS SUBJECT TO
MANDATORY TENDER AND PURCHASE AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.


              VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY
               INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT REVENUE REFUNDING BOND
            (SPENCE ENGINEERING COMPANY  PROJECT), SERIES 1994

                                                            No. R-_________

Registered Owner:  __________________________

Principal Amount:  __________________________

Maturity Date:  First Business Day of December, 2006

Initial Interest Rate:  2.75%

Interest Payment Dates:  The first Business Day of each March, June,
                         September and December, commencing the first
                         Business Day of September, 1994, the Conversion
                         Date (hereinafter defined) and the Maturity Date.

Original Delivery Date:  _________________

     VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (herein called the
"Issuer"), a corporate governmental agency, constituting a public benefit
corporation created and existing under the constitution and laws of the
State of New York (herein called the "State"), for value received, hereby
promises to pay (but only from the sources hereinafter mentioned) to the
Registered Owner set forth above, or registered assigns, the Principal
Amount set forth above on the Maturity Date set forth above and to pay (but
only from the sources hereinafter mentioned) interest thereon from the
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Date of Authentication
endorsed hereon, unless this Bond is authenticated on an Interest Payment
Date in which event it will bear interest from such date or unless it is
authenticated prior to the first Business Day of September, 1994, in which
event it will bear interest from the Date of Authentication, payable on
each Interest Payment Date, until payment of said principal sum has been
made or provided for, at the rate or rates per annum set forth below. 
Principal and interest and premium, if any, will be paid in any coin or
currency of the United States of America which, at the time of payment, is
legal tender for the payment of public and private debts.  Interest will be
paid by check mailed on the Interest Payment Date to the person in whose
name this Bond is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record
Date (as hereinafter defined) immediately preceding such Interest Payment
Date; provided, however, that while the Bonds (as hereinafter defined) bear
interest at the Variable Rate (as hereinafter defined) interest will also
be payable by wire transfer to the account at a member bank of the Federal
Reserve System of any registered owner of Bonds in the aggregate principal
amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or more at the written request
(identifying such account by number) of such owner received by the Trustee
(as hereinafter defined) on or before the Regular Record Date.  While the
Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate (as hereinafter defined), the
Regular Record Date will be the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date.  While the Bonds bear
interest at the Fixed Rate (as hereinafter defined), the Regular Record
Date will be the fifteenth (15th) day of the calendar month immediately
preceding each Interest Payment Date.  Any such interest not so punctually
paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the owner
on such Regular Record Date, and may be paid to the person in whose name
this Bond is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date
(as defined in the Indenture (hereinafter defined)) for the payment of such
defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, or may be paid at any time
in any other lawful manner, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 
Principal and redemption price will be paid upon surrender of this Bond at
the principal corporate trust office of The First National Bank of Boston,
as Trustee (said banking institution and any successor trustee or
co-trustee under the Indenture being herein called the "Trustee"), in the
Town of Canton, Massachusetts.  Payment of the purchase price of Bonds
purchased as described herein will be paid, upon surrender of such Bonds,
at the office of The First National Bank of Boston, in the Town of Canton,
Massachusetts (in such capacity, herein called the "Tender Agent").

     This Bond is issued under and pursuant to the Constitution and laws of
the State of New York (the "State"), particularly an act of the Village of
Walden of the State of New York, including without limitation Chapter 1030
of the Laws of 1969 of the State, constituting Title 1 of Article 18-A of
the General Municipal Law of the State, as amended from time to time,
together with Chapter 632 of the Laws of 1977 of the State, constituting
Section 925-a of the General Municipal Law of the State, as amended from
time to time, as amended (the "Act"), and under and pursuant to a
resolution duly adopted by the Issuer on June 13, 1994.  This Bond and the
issue of which it is a part and the purchase price thereof, the premium, if
any, and interest thereon are limited obligations of the Issuer payable by
the Issuer solely from the revenues and receipts derived from the Sale
Agreement (as hereinafter defined), including payments received under the
Note (as hereinafter defined), which revenues and receipts have been
pledged and assigned to the Trustee to secure payment thereof and from
amounts received pursuant to the Credit Facility (as hereinafter defined). 
This Bond and the interest hereon will not constitute an indebtedness or a
charge against the general credit or taxing powers of the Issuer within the
meaning of any constitutional provision or statutory limitation and shall
never constitute nor give rise to any pecuniary liability of the Issuer,
but will be a limited obligation of the Issuer payable solely from the
revenues and other funds pledged therefor and will not be payable from any
assets or funds of the Issuer other than the revenues and other funds
pledged therefor, and neither the faith and credit nor the taxing power of
the State or any political subdivision or any agency thereof is pledged to
the payment of the principal of or the interest on this Bond.

     This Bond is one of the Bonds of a duly authorized issue of variable
rate industrial revenue bonds of the Issuer in the aggregate original
principal amount of $7,500,000 and designated "Village of Walden Industrial
Development Agency Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Spence
Engineering Company Project), Series 1994" (the "Bonds").

     The Bonds are being issued for the purpose of refunding in whole the
outstanding principal amount of the Village of Walden Industrial
Development Agency Industrial Development  Revenue Bonds (Spence
Engineering Company Project) Series 1984 in the original aggregate
principal amount of $7,500,000 (the "Prior Bonds"), the proceeds of which
were used to finance, in whole or in part, the cost of acquiring,
constructing and installing a certain project in Walden, New York owned and
operated by the Company (the "Project").

     This Bond is issued under and pursuant to a Trust Indenture dated as
of June 1, 1994 (said Trust Indenture, together with all such supplements
and amendments thereto as therein permitted, being herein called the
"Indenture"), by and between the Issuer and The First National Bank of
Boston, as trustee (said banking institution and any successor trustee or
co-trustee under the Indenture being herein called the "Trustee").  An
executed counterpart of the Indenture is on file at the principal corporate
trust office of the Trustee.  Reference is hereby made to the Indenture for
the provisions, among others, with respect to the custody and application
of the proceeds of the Bonds; the collection and disposition of revenues; a
description of the funds charged with and pledged to the payment of the
principal of and interest on and any other amounts payable under the Bonds;
the nature and extent of the security; the terms and conditions under which
the Bonds are or may be issued; and the rights, duties and obligations of
the Issuer and of the Trustee and the rights of the owners of the Bonds,
and, by the acceptance of this Bond, the owner hereof assents to all of the
provisions of the Indenture.

     The Issuer has entered into a Sale Agreement dated as of June 1, 1994
(herein called the "Sale Agreement"), with Spence Engineering Company,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (herein called the "Company"), under which the
Issuer has agreed to sell Company the project as described in the Sale
Agreement, and in consideration and as evidence of the sale, the Company
has agreed to issue its promissory note (herein called the "Note") in the
principal amount, payable in installments, bearing interest at a rate or
rates and payable at times corresponding to the principal amount of,
installments of principal of, interest rates on and due dates of the Bonds. 
The Sale Agreement also provides for the payment by the Company of certain
fees and expenses of the Issuer and the Trustee, and the Sale Agreement
further obligates the Company (a) to pay the cost of maintaining the
Project in good repair in all material respects and keeping the same
properly insured and (b) to maintain a Credit Facility (as hereinafter
defined) during the period of time the Bonds bear interest at the Variable
Rate (herein called the "Variable Rate Period").

     As security for the payment of the Bonds, all right, title and
interest of the Issuer in (a) the Sale Agreement (except certain rights
reserved by the Issuer under the terms of the Indenture), together with the
Sale Agreement, (b) the Pledged Revenues, and (c) all amounts on deposit
from time to time in the Bond Fund (defined in the Indenture), but
excluding any amounts on deposit in the "Rebate Account" (defined in the
Indenture), have been assigned to the Trustee under the Indenture and
pledged to the payment of the principal of, and the redemption premium (if
any) and the interest on, the Bonds.  The Issuer shall not be vested with
any interest in the Project by virtue of the issuance of the Bonds, and the
Project shall not otherwise constitute any part of the security for the
payment of the Bonds.

     Reference to the Indenture is hereby made for a description of the
aforesaid Bond Fund which is charged with, and pledged to, the payment of
the principal of, and the redemption premium (if any) and the interest on,
the Bonds, the nature and extent of the security, the rights, duties and
obligations of the Issuer, the Company and the Trustee, the rights of the
owners of the Bonds, the terms and conditions under and upon the occurrence
of which the Indenture and the Sale Agreement may be modified and the terms
and conditions under and upon the occurrence of which the lien of the
Indenture may be defeased as to this Bond prior to the maturity or
redemption date hereof, to all of the provisions of which the owner hereof,
by the acceptance of this Bond, assents.

     Credit Facility.  The Company has entered into a Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement dated as of June 1, 1994 (herein
called the "Reimbursement Agreement") by and among the Company, Watts
Industries, Inc, as guarantor and First Union National Bank of North
Carolina (in such capacity, herein called the "Bank").

     Pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement, the Company has caused a
Letter of Credit issued by the Bank (herein called the "Letter of Credit";
such Letter of Credit and any extensions or renewals thereof or any
amendment thereto and any Alternate Credit Facility (as hereinafter
defined) referred to herein as the "Credit Facility"), to be delivered to
the Trustee.  The Trustee will be entitled under the Letter of Credit to
draw up to an amount of $7,875,000, of which (a) $7,500,000 will be
available for the payment of principal or that portion of the purchase
price corresponding to principal of the Bonds and (b) 375,000 will support
the payment of up to one hundred twenty (120) days' interest or that
portion of the purchase price corresponding to interest on the Bonds at a
maximum rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum.  Subject to the provisions
of the Indenture, the Company is required during the Variable Rate Period
to provide an alternate credit facility with terms and provisions
substantially the same as those of the Letter of Credit (an "Alternate
Credit Facility") prior to the termination of Letter of Credit.  During the
Variable Rate Period unless the Letter of Credit or the then current
Alternate Credit Facility is replaced prior to its expiration in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture, this Bond will become subject to mandatory
redemption as provided in the Indenture.

     Source of Funds.  The principal of, premium, if any, and interest on
the Bonds are payable solely from payments on the Note, under the Sale
Agreement and from any other moneys held by the Trustee under the Indenture
for such purpose, including, with respect to principal and interest only,
moneys drawn by the Trustee under the Letter of Credit or Alternate Credit
Facility for the benefit of the Bondholders (the Bank as the issuer of the
Letter of Credit and the institution issuing any Alternate Credit Facility
are herein called the "Credit Facility Issuer").  Except as otherwise
specified in the Indenture, this Bond is entitled to the benefits of the
Indenture equally and ratably both as to principal (and redemption and
purchase price) and interest with all other Bonds issued under the
Indenture.

                              INTEREST RATES

     Initial Interest Rate.

     The Bonds will bear interest from the Original Delivery Date to
June 22, 1994 at the Initial Interest Rate.

     Variable Rate.

     After June 22, 1994, prior to (and including) the Conversion Date
(hereinafter defined), the Bonds will bear interest at a rate equal to a
floating rate established as hereinafter provided (herein called the
"Variable Rate").  The Variable Rate will be equal to the rate of interest
certified to the Trustee by First Union National Bank of North Carolina as
remarketing agent for the Bonds (herein, with its successors in such
capacity, called the "Remarketing Agent") on and as of each Wednesday (or
the next succeeding Business Day (as defined in the Indenture) if such
Wednesday is not a Business Day) (herein called the "Determination Date")
as the minimum rate of interest necessary, in the judgment of the
Remarketing Agent taking into account market conditions prevailing on the
Determination Date, to enable the Remarketing Agent to arrange for the sale
of all of the Bonds on the Determination Date in the secondary market at a
price equal to the principal amount thereof (plus interest accrued to the
date of settlement).  If the Remarketing Agent fails to certify such rate,
the Variable Rate for the next Calculation Period or Periods (hereinafter
defined) until thereafter certified by the Remarketing Agent will remain
the same as that most recently established and certified by the Remarketing
Agent.  In the event the Remarketing Agent fails to certify such rate for
four (4) consecutive Calculation Periods, the rate for each Calculation
Period thereafter (if none is certified by the Remarketing Agent) will be
ninety percent (90%) of the yield for United States Treasury bills maturing
approximately thirty (30) days after the Determination Date as published by
The Wall Street Journal on such Determination Date (or, if The Wall Street
Journal is no longer published, then any reasonably equivalent financial
publication selected by the Remarketing Agent) (or the next preceding
Business Day on which The Wall Street Journal is published if not published
on the Determination Date).  For purposes hereof, "Calculation Period"
shall mean the period from and including the day following the
Determination Date of each week (even if not a Business Day) to and
including the following Determination Date; provided that if during the
Variable Period the Determination Date at the end of such Calculation
Period is a Regular Record Date, such Calculation Period will extend until
the Business Day following such Determination Date.  If, for any reason,
the Variable Rate is not determined as described above or is held to be
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction for any
period, the interest rate for each such period will be equal to eight
percent (8.00%) per annum.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in the Indenture, the Variable Rate will not be a rate
of interest in excess of fifteen percent (15.00%) per annum.  Interest
prior to the Conversion Date (hereinafter defined) will be computed on the
basis of a three hundred sixty-five (365) or three hundred sixty-six (366)
day year, as applicable, for the number of days actually elapsed, and will
be payable on each Interest Payment Date.

     Fixed Rate.

     (a)  The interest rate on this Bond will be converted to the Fixed
Rate upon an election by the Company pursuant to the Indenture to convert
the rate of interest on all Bonds then outstanding from the Variable Rate
to the Fixed Rate upon satisfaction of certain conditions and notice given
by the Company and by the Trustee in accordance with the requirements of
the Indenture, and the Bonds shall be subject to mandatory tender for
purchase by the owners thereof on the Conversion Date, which shall be an
Interest Payment Date.  On and after the Conversion Date the owners of the
Bonds will not be entitled to tender Bonds for purchase.  On or before the
Conversion Date, the Placement Agent will determine the Fixed Rate in the
manner described in subsection (c) below, and will promptly notify the
Company and the Trustee of the Fixed Rate.

     (b)  At least twenty (20) but not more than thirty (30) days prior to
the Conversion Date, a notice will be mailed by the Trustee to each
registered owner of Bonds stating, among other things, (1) the Conversion
Date, (2) the name and address of the placement agent which has agreed to
use its best efforts to arrange for the sale of any Bonds to be tendered or
deemed tendered for purchase on the Conversion Date (herein called the
"Placement Agent"), (3) that after the seventeenth (17th) day preceding the
Conversion Date, the owner will not be entitled to deliver an Optional
Tender Notice and that after the tenth (10th) day preceding the Conversion
Date, the owner will not be entitled to tender this Bond for purchase as
described below, (4) that this Bond will be deemed tendered for purchase on
the Conversion Date, (5) that in order to receive payment of the purchase
price of any Bond which is deemed to have been tendered, the registered
owner of such Bond must deliver such Bond to the office of the Tender Agent
before 10 a.m. Eastern time on the Conversion Date, and (6) that interest
on any Bond will be payable only to (but not including) the Conversion
Date.

     Any Bonds not so tendered on the Conversion Date ("Undelivered
Bonds"), for which there has been irrevocably deposited in trust with the
Trustee an amount of moneys sufficient to pay the purchase price of the
Undelivered Bonds, shall be deemed to have been tendered and purchased at
the purchase price.  IN THE EVENT OF A FAILURE BY AN OWNER OF BONDS TO
TENDER ITS BONDS ON OR PRIOR TO THE CONVERSION DATE, SAID OWNER SHALL NOT
BE ENTITLED TO ANY PAYMENT (INCLUDING ANY INTEREST TO ACCRUE SUBSEQUENT TO
THE CONVERSION DATE) OTHER THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR SUCH UNTENDERED
BONDS, AND ANY UNTENDERED BONDS SHALL NO LONGER BE ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS
OF THE INDENTURE, EXCEPT FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE
THEREFOR.

     (c)  Upon the Conversion Date stated in such notice, the Fixed Rate to
be borne by the Bonds for the period beginning on the Conversion Date and
ending on the Maturity Date or prior redemption of the Bonds (the "Fixed
Rate"), will be the interest rate per annum which, in the sole judgment of
the Placement Agent, taking into account prevailing financial market
conditions, would be the minimum interest rate required to sell such Bonds
on the Conversion Date at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount
thereof.  The Fixed Rate shall be determined by the Placement Agent on or
before the Conversion Date, and the Placement Agent shall notify the
Trustee and the Company thereof by telephone or such other manner as may be
appropriate by not later than 2:00 p.m., Eastern time on such date, which
notice shall be promptly confirmed in writing.

     (d)  If, for any reason, the Fixed Rate is held to be invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Fixed Rate will be
eight percent (8.00%) per annum.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in the Indenture, the Fixed Rate will not be a rate of
interest in excess of fifteen percent (15.00%) per annum.

     (e)  The Fixed Rate will be computed on the basis of a three hundred
sixty (360)-day year, computed for the actual number of days elapsed, and
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date after the Conversion Date
until the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds
shall have been paid in full.

     Interest Rate Determination Binding.

     The determination of the interest rate on the Bonds by the Remarketing
Agent or Placement Agent, as appropriate, in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture will be conclusive and binding upon the registered owners of
the Bonds, the Issuer, the Company, the Trustee, the Remarketing Agent, the
Placement Agent, the Tender Agent and the Credit Facility Issuer.

                            REDEMPTION OF BONDS

     Optional Redemption.

     (a)  While the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, the Bonds
will be subject to redemption upon the written direction of the Issuer,
given at the request of the Company, on any Interest Payment Date and on
the Conversion Date, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to
one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof without premium
plus interest accrued to the redemption date.

     (b)  While the Bonds bear interest at the Fixed Rate, the Bonds will
be subject to redemption upon the written direction of the Issuer, given at
the request of the Company, in whole or in part, on any Interest Payment
Date occurring on or after the dates set forth below, at the redemption
prices (with a premium expressed as a percentage of principal amount to be
redeemed) set forth below plus interest accrued to the redemption date as
follows:

          Commencement of
          Redemption Period          Redemption Price

          The Business Day four      103%, declining by 1/2% on each
          (4) years from the         succeeding anniversary of the first 
          Conversion Date            day of the redemption period until
                                     reaching 100% and thereafter at 100%

     (c)  The Bonds will be subject to redemption upon the written
direction of the Issuer, given at the request of the Company, at any time
in whole or in part at a redemption price equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to the
redemption date in the event of damage, destruction or condemnation of the
Project, all as more fully described in Section 701(b) of the Indenture.

     Mandatory Redemption.

     (a)  The Bonds will be subject to mandatory redemption in whole on any
date at a redemption price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the
principal amount thereof plus accrued interest to the redemption date
within one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt by the Trustee of a
written notice of a Determination of Taxability (as defined in the Sale
Agreement).

     (b)  During the Variable Rate Period, the Bonds will be subject to
mandatory redemption in whole on the Interest Payment Date occurring
closest to but not after fifteen (15) days prior to the date of expiration
of the then current Credit Facility unless prior to such date an Alternate
Credit Facility has been provided in accordance with the Indenture, at a
redemption price or purchase price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of
the principal amount thereof, without premium, plus interest accrued to the
redemption date.

     Notice of Redemption and Selection of Bonds.

     Any notice of redemption, identifying the Bonds or portions thereof to
be redeemed, will be given not more than sixty (60) days and not less than
twenty (20) days prior to the redemption date, by mailing a copy of the
redemption notice by first class mail to the owner of each Bond to be
redeemed in whole or in part at the address shown on the Bond Register
maintained by the Bond Registrar.  Notice of optional redemption may be
conditioned upon the deposit of moneys with the Trustee before the date
fixed for redemption and such notice will be of no effect unless such
moneys are so deposited.  All Bonds so called for redemption, including
Bonds purchased by the Company as provided in the Indenture but not yet
surrendered for payment of the purchase price, will cease to bear interest
on the specified redemption date provided funds for their redemption price
and any accrued interest payable on the specified redemption date are on
deposit at the principal place of payment at that time.  If less than all
the Bonds are to be redeemed, the particular Bonds to be called for
redemption will be selected in the following order of priority:  first,
Bonds pledged to the Credit Facility Issuer; second, Bonds owned by the
Company and third, Bonds selected by any random or other method determined
by the Trustee in its sole discretion.

     Mandatory Purchase Upon Conversion to Fixed Rate.

     The Bonds will be subject to mandatory purchase in whole (and not in
part) on the Conversion Date at a purchase price equal to one hundred
percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued
thereon to the date of purchase.

     THE OWNER OF THIS BOND, BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO THE MANDATORY
PURCHASE OF THIS BOND AS PROVIDED IN THE INDENTURE, AND AGREES THAT THIS
BOND WILL BE PURCHASED ON THE DATE SPECIFIED UPON DEPOSIT WITH THE TRUSTEE
OF AN AMOUNT SUFFICIENT TO PAY THE PURCHASE PRICE HEREOF.  THE OWNER OF
THIS BOND ALSO UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT IN THE EVENT THE OWNER FAILS TO
DELIVER THIS BOND, PROPERLY ENDORSED FOR TRANSFER, TO THE TRUSTEE ON THE
DATE SPECIFIED, INTEREST WILL CEASE TO ACCRUE HEREON ON SUCH SPECIFIED DATE
AND THE OWNER HEREOF WILL THEREAFTER BE ENTITLED ONLY TO PAYMENT OF THE
PURCHASE PRICE AND NOT TO THE BENEFIT OF THE INDENTURE.

     Purchase at Option of the Owner During Variable Rate Period.

     While the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, any Bond or
portion thereof in an authorized denomination will be purchased on the
demand of the owner thereof, on any Business Day at a purchase price equal
to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest
accrued to the date of purchase upon delivery to the Tender Agent of an
Optional Tender Notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (herein
called the "Optional Tender Notice") specifying the date on which such Bond
will be purchased, which date will be a Business Day not prior to the
seventh (7th) day after the date of delivery of the Optional Tender Notice. 
To receive payment of the purchase price, the owner will be required to
deliver such Bond to the Tender Agent, accompanied by an executed form of
assignment and any other instruments of transfer satisfactory to the
Trustee, not less than five (5) days prior to the purchase date specified
in such notice as provided in the Indenture; provided, however, that any
owner which is an investment company registered pursuant to the Investment
Company Act of 1940 may deliver such Bond to the Tender Agent at or prior
to 10:00 a.m. on the date of purchase.  No purchase of Bonds at the option
of the owner thereof or on the Conversion Date will be deemed to be a
payment or redemption of the Bonds or any portion thereof.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no owner will have a right to tender its Bond(s) for
purchase as described in this paragraph following acceleration of the
payment of the Bonds pursuant to the terms of the Indenture or after the
Conversion Date.

THE OWNER OF THIS BOND, BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT DELIVERY OF THE
WRITTEN NOTICE DESCRIBED IN THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPH BY THE OWNER
CONSTITUTES AN IRREVOCABLE OFFER TO SELL THIS BOND ON THE DATE SPECIFIED,
AND THAT THIS BOND WILL BE PURCHASED ON SUCH DATE UPON DEPOSIT WITH THE
TENDER AGENT OF AN AMOUNT SUFFICIENT TO PAY THE PURCHASE PRICE HEREOF.  THE
OWNER OF THIS BOND ALSO UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT IN THE EVENT THE OWNER
FAILS TO DELIVER THIS BOND, PROPERLY ENDORSED FOR TRANSFER, TO THE TENDER
AGENT ON THE DATE SPECIFIED IN THE NOTICE, THIS BOND WILL BE HELD BY THE
OWNER AS AGENT FOR THE COMPANY, INTEREST WILL CEASE TO ACCRUE HEREON AS OF
THE DATE SPECIFIED IN THE NOTICE AND THE OWNER HEREOF WILL THEREAFTER BE
ENTITLED ONLY TO PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE AND NOT TO THE BENEFITS OF
THE INDENTURE AND THE ISSUER WILL, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXECUTE
AND THE TRUSTEE WILL AUTHENTICATE AND DELIVER A SUBSTITUTE BOND IN LIEU OF
THE UNDELIVERED BOND.

     Tender Agent.

     The Issuer has appointed The First National Bank of Boston as Tender
Agent.  The Tender Agent may be changed at any time by the Company with the
consent of the Trustee.

     Authorized Denominations.

     Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Bonds are issuable as
registered Bonds in the denomination of One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000) or any integral multiple of $5,000 in excess thereof; provided
that if less than $100,000 in principal amount of Bonds is Outstanding, one
Bond shall be issued in such smaller denomination; and provided further,
that subsequent to the initial issuance of the Bonds, replacement or
substitution Bonds or Bonds issued in exchange in accordance with the
provisions of Section 205 of the Indenture may be issued in denominations
of $5,000 or integral multiples thereof.  Subject to the limitations
provided in the Indenture and upon payment of any tax or governmental
charge, if any, Bonds may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal
amount of Bonds of other authorized denominations.

     Transfer.

     This Bond is transferable by the registered owner hereof or his duly
authorized attorney at the principal corporate trust office of The First
National Bank of Boston, as Bond Registrar, in Canton, Massachusetts, in
compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture and
upon surrender of this Bond, provided that transfers in connection with the
remarketing hereof will be made at the corporate trust office of the
Trustee in Canton, Massachusetts, accompanied by a duly executed instrument
of transfer in form satisfactory to the Bond Registrar, subject to such
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Bond Registrar or the Trustee may
prescribe and upon payment of any tax or other governmental charge incident
to such transfer, PROVIDED THAT IF MONEYS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS BOND
HAVE BEEN PROVIDED PURSUANT TO A DRAW UNDER THE CREDIT FACILITY, THIS BOND
IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANYONE OTHER THAN THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSIGNEE OR
PLEDGEE.  Upon any such transfer, the Trustee shall cause a new Bond or
Bonds registered in the name of the transferee or transferees in
denominations authorized by the Indenture and in the same aggregate
principal amount as the principal amount of this Bond (and of the same
maturity and bearing interest at the same rate) will be issued to the
transferee.  Except as set forth in this Bond and as otherwise provided in
the Indenture, the person in whose name this Bond is registered will be
deemed the owner hereof for all purposes, and the Issuer, the Bond
Registrar and the Trustee will not be affected by any notice to the
contrary.

     The owner of this Bond will have no right to enforce the provisions of
the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or
to take any action with respect to any Event of Default under the Indenture
or to institute, appear in or defend any suit or other proceeding with
respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture.

     In certain events, on the conditions, in the manner and with the
effect set forth in the Indenture, the principal of this Bond may become or
may be declared due and payable before the stated maturity hereof, together
with the interest accrued hereon.

     Modifications or alterations of the Sale Agreement and the Indenture
and any supplement or amendment thereto may be made only to the extent and
in the circumstances permitted by the Indenture and may be made in certain
cases without the consent of the owners of the Bonds.

     Anything herein or in the Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding,
the obligations of the Issuer hereunder will be subject to the limitation
that payment of interest to the owner of this Bond will not be required to
the extent that receipt of any such payment by the owner of this Bond would
be contrary to the provisions of law applicable to such Bond which limits
the maximum rate of interest which may be charged or collected by such
owner. 

     In any case where the date of maturity of interest on or principal of
the Bonds or the date fixed for redemption of the Bonds shall be in the
city of payment a day other than a Business Day, then payment of interest
or principal need not be made on such date but may be made on the next
succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the
date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, provided that interest
will accrue for the period of any such extension.

     This Bond will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York.

     All acts, conditions and things required to happen, exist and be
performed precedent to and in the issuance of this Bond and the execution
of the Indenture have happened, exist and have been performed as so
required.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Bond to be executed
with the manual or facsimile signature of the Chairman or Vice Chairman of
the Issuer, its official seal to be impressed or imprinted hereon and the
same to be attested by the manual or facsimile signature of the Secretary
or Assistant Secretary of the Issuer, all as of __________ ___, 1994.

                                   Village of Walden Industrial Development
                                   Agency


                                   By:                           
                                      Chairman

(Seal)

Attest:


By:                                
   Secretary

                         *     *     *     *     *


                       CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION


     This Bond is one of the Bonds of the series designated therein and
issued under the provisions of the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                   The First National Bank of Boston, as
                                      Trustee


                                   By:                           
                                      Its:   Authorized Signatory


Date of Authentication: __________ ___, 1994

                         *     *     *     *     *

                            [FORM OF ASSIGNMENT
                       TO APPEAR ON REVERSE OF BOND]

                            FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and
transfers unto


PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER 
IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                                                           
                                                                           

the within bond of the _______________________________ and does hereby
constitute and appoint _________________ ______________ attorney to
transfer the said bond on the books of the within named Issuer, with full
power of substitution in the premises.


Dated:


In the presence of:                                              
                                    Bondholder


Signature Guaranteed:


                

                           [End of Form of Bond]

<PAGE>

; and

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, of the acceptance by
the Trustee of the trusts hereby created, and of the purchase and
acceptance of the Bonds by the Bondholders, and also for and in
consideration of the sum of One Dollar to the Issuer in hand paid by the
Trustee at or before the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and for the purpose of fixing and
declaring the terms and conditions upon which the Bonds are to be issued,
delivered, secured and accepted by the Bondholders and any and all other
persons who shall from time to time be or become owners thereof, and in
order to secure the payment of the Bonds at any time issued and outstanding
hereunder and the interest thereon according to their tenor, purport and
effect, and in order to secure the performance and observance of all the
covenants, agreements and conditions therein and herein contained;

     THE ISSUER DOES HEREBY PLEDGE AND ASSIGN, and grant a security
interest unto the Trustee and its successors and assigns for the benefit of
the owners of the Bonds all right, title and interest of the Issuer
presently owned or hereafter acquired in and to the following
(collectively, the "Trust Estate"):

          (a)  The Sale Agreement (as the same may from time to time be
     supplemented or amended), including, but not limited to, all payments
     or installment purchase obligations due and to become due under the
     Note and the Sale Agreement whether made at their respective due dates
     or as prepayments permitted or required by the Sale Agreement together
     with full power and authority, in the name of the Issuer or otherwise,
     to demand, receive, enforce, collect or receipt for any or all of the
     foregoing, to endorse or execute any checks or other instruments or
     orders, to file any claims and to take any action which the Trustee
     may deem necessary or advisable in connection therewith, and the
     Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the Trustee attorney-in-fact of the
     Issuer for such purposes, which appointment is coupled with an
     interest and is irrevocable; provided, however, that the Issuer shall
     continue to have all the rights, together with the Trustee, contained
     in the following sections of the Sale Agreement:

             (i)    Section 7.1 (pertaining to the Issuer's right of access
          to the Project (as defined in the Sale Agreement));

            (ii)    Section 7.3 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          receive payment for certain costs and expenses);

           (iii)    Section 7.6 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          certain indemnities);

            (iv)    Section 7.7 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          release and indemnification);


             (v)    Section 7.8 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          receive certain information);

            (vi)    Section 8.1 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          consent or withhold consent to assignment of rights of the
          Company under the Sale Agreement or lease or sale of the
          Project);

           (vii)    Sections 9.3 and 9.5 (pertaining to the Issuer's right
          to reimbursement of expenses incurred upon a default);

          (viii)    Sections 10.1(c), 10.2 and 10.3 (pertaining to the
          Issuer's right to notice of prepayments and rights upon the
          occurrence of certain events;

            (ix)    Section 12.5 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          receive notices); and

             (x)    Sections 12.12, 12.13 and 12.14 (pertaining to the
          limitations on the liability of the Issuer).

          (b)  The Note of even date herewith of the Company to the Issuer
     in the original principal amount of $7,500,000 evidencing the
     Company's obligation to pay the purchase price pursuant to the Sale
     Agreement, together with interest thereon and other amounts with
     respect thereto, as provided for in the Sale Agreement, the Issuer
     having on this date endorsed, pledged and assigned the Note without
     recourse to the order of, and delivered the same to, the Trustee as
     security for the obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee hereinafter
     referred to.

          (c)  All money or securities at any time on deposit in, in
     transit to or credited to any account or Fund created hereunder,
     including without limitation the Bond Fund but excluding the Rebate
     Fund;

          (d)  Revenues (as hereinafter defined);

and it is so mutually agreed and covenanted by and between the parties
hereto for the equal and proportionate benefit and security of the
Bondholders without preference, priority or distinction as to lien or
otherwise, except as hereinafter provided, of any one Bond over any other
Bond, by reason of priority in the issue, sale or negotiation thereof or
otherwise, for the benefit of the Bondholders and as security for the
fulfillment of the obligations of the Issuer hereunder;

     TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same forever, subject, however, to the
exceptions, reservations and matters therein and herein recited but IN
TRUST, nevertheless, for the benefit and security of the owners from time
to time of the Bonds delivered hereunder and issued by the Issuer and
outstanding or, to the extent set forth herein, for the benefit of the
Credit Facility Issuer, so long as a Credit Facility is in place in respect
of the Bonds;

     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if, after the right, title and interest of the
Trustee in and to the Trust Estate pledged and assigned to it under this
Indenture shall have ceased, terminated and become void in accordance with
Article XIV hereof, the principal of and interest on the Bonds and any
other obligations arising hereunder shall have been paid to the Bondholders
or shall have been paid by the Company pursuant to Article XIV hereof,
then, this Indenture and all covenants, agreements and other obligations of
the Issuer hereunder shall cease, terminate and be void, and thereupon the
Trustee shall cancel and discharge this Indenture and execute and deliver
to the Issuer and the Company such instruments in writing as shall be
required to evidence the discharge hereof; otherwise, this Indenture shall
be and remain in full force and effect.

     THIS INDENTURE FURTHER WITNESSETH, and it is expressly declared, that
the Bonds issued and secured hereunder are to be issued and delivered and
the trust estate and other revenues and funds herein pledged and assigned
are to be dealt with and disposed of under, upon and subject to the terms,
conditions, stipulations, covenants, agreements, trusts, uses and purposes
as hereinafter expressed, and the Issuer has agreed and covenanted, and
does hereby agree and covenant, with the Trustee and with the owners of
said Bonds, as follows, that is to say:


                                 ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

     Section 101.   Definitions.

     All words and terms defined in Article I of the Sale Agreement shall
have the same meanings in this Indenture, unless otherwise specifically
defined herein.  In addition, the following words and terms as used in this
Indenture shall have the following meanings unless some other meaning is
plainly intended:

     "Act" shall mean all applicable provisions of the Constitution and
laws of the State of New York, including without limitation Chapter 1030 of
the Laws of 1969 of the State, constituting Title 1 of Article 18-A of the
General Municipal Law of the State, as amended from time to time, together
with Chapter 632 of the Laws of 1977 of the State, constituting Section
925-a of the General Municipal Law of the State, as amended from time to
time.

     "Alternate Credit Facility" shall mean an irrevocable direct pay
letter of credit, insurance policy or similar credit enhancement or support
facility for the benefit of the Trustee, the terms of which Alternate
Credit Facility shall, in all respects material to the Bondholders, be the
same (except for the term of such Alternate Credit Facility) as the Credit
Facility that is replaced by such Alternate Credit Facility as set forth in
Section 603 hereof.

     "Authenticating Agent" shall mean the Trustee and any agent so
appointed pursuant to Section 207 hereof.

     "Available Moneys" shall mean:

        (a)    any moneys which have been paid to the Trustee by the
     Company and which have been on deposit with the Trustee for at least
     three hundred sixty-seven (367) days during and prior to which no
     Event of Bankruptcy shall have occurred, and the proceeds from the
     investment of such moneys after such moneys have become Available
     Moneys, and

        (b)    moneys on deposit with the Trustee representing proceeds
     from the resale by the Remarketing Agent of Bonds to persons other
     than the Issuer or the Company as described in Article III hereof,
     which, in each case, were at all times since their deposit with the
     Trustee held in a separate and segregated account or accounts or
     sub-account or sub-accounts in which no moneys were which were not
     Available Moneys were at any time held, and the proceeds from the
     investment thereof, and

        (c)    moneys drawn under a Credit Facility which in each case were
     at all times since their deposit with the Trustee held in a separate
     and segregated account or accounts or sub-account or sub-accounts in
     which no moneys (other than those drawn under a Credit Facility) were
     at any time held.

     "Bank" shall mean First Union National Bank of North Carolina as the
issuer of the Letter of Credit, and its successors and assigns.

     "Bank Account" shall mean the account of that name established in the
Bond Purchase Fund pursuant to Section 302 hereof.

     "Bond" or "Bonds" shall mean any bond or bonds authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture.

     "Bond Counsel" shall mean an attorney-at-law or a firm of attorneys of
nationally recognized standing in matters pertaining to the tax-exempt
nature of interest on bonds issued by states and their political
subdivisions, duly admitted to the practice of law before the highest court
of any state of the United States of America and approved by the Issuer.

     "Bond Fund" shall mean the trust fund so designated which is
established pursuant to Section 502(a) hereof.

     "Bond Purchase Fund" shall mean the trust fund so designated which is
established pursuant to Section 302 hereof.

     "Bond Register" shall have the meaning provided in Section 204 hereof.

     "Bond Registrar" shall mean the Bond Registrar as designated in
Section 204 hereof.

     "Bondholder" or "Bondholders" or "owner" or "owners" shall mean the
initial owner or owners and any future owner or owners of the Bond or Bonds
as registered on the books and records of the Bond Registrar pursuant to
Section 204 hereof.

     "Business Day" shall mean a day upon which banks in the State and in
the States of Massachusetts and North Carolina are open for the transaction
of business of the nature required pursuant to the Sale Agreement and this
Indenture.  

     "Calculation Period" shall mean the period from and including the day
following the Determination Date of each week (even if not a Business Day)
to and including the following Determination Date; provided, that if the
Determination Date at the end of a Calculation Period is a Regular Record
Date, such Calculation Period will extend until the Business Day following
such Determination Date.

     "Company" shall mean Spence Engineering Company, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and its successor or assigns and any surviving, resulting or
transferee corporation or other entity.

     "Conversion Date" shall mean that Business Day elected by the Company
in accordance with Section 202(e) of the Indenture as the effective date of
conversion of the interest rate on the Bonds from the Variable Rate to the
Fixed Rate, which date shall be an Interest Payment Date.

     "Counsel" shall mean an attorney or firm of attorneys acceptable to
the Trustee (who may, but need not be, counsel to the Issuer or the
Company).

     "Credit Facility" shall mean the Letter of Credit or any Alternate
Credit Facility delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Article VI hereof.

     "Credit Facility Account" shall mean the account of that name
established in the Bond Fund pursuant to Section 502 hereof.

     "Credit Facility Issuer" shall mean the Bank with respect to the
Letter of Credit and the institution issuing any Alternate Credit Facility.

     "Defaulted Interest" has the meaning provided in Section 208 hereof.

     "Determination Date" shall mean Wednesday of each week or if Wednesday
is not a Business Day then the next succeeding Business Day.

     "Event of Bankruptcy" shall mean a petition by or against the Company
or the Issuer under any bankruptcy act or under any similar act which may
be enacted which shall have been filed (other than bankruptcy proceedings
instituted by the Company or the Issuer against third parties) unless such
petition shall have been dismissed and such dismissal shall be final and
not subject to appeal.

     "Event of Default" shall mean any of the events specified in Section
901 hereof to be an Event of Default.

     "Fixed Rate" shall mean the fixed annual rate of interest on the bonds
determined by the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 202(e) hereof.  If,
for any reason, the Fixed Rate is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the Fixed Rate shall be equal to eight
percent (8.00%) per annum.  The Fixed Rate shall in no event exceed fifteen
percent (15.00%).

     "Fixed Rate Period" shall mean the period during which the Fixed Rate
is in effect, which shall be the period beginning on the Conversion Date
and ending on the Maturity Date.

     "Governmental Obligations" shall mean:

        (i)    direct obligations of the United States of America for the
full and timely payment of which the full faith and credit of the United
States of America is pledged,

       (ii)    obligations issued by a Person controlled or supervised by
and acting as an instrumentality of the United States of America, the full
and timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith
and credit obligation of the United States of America, and

      (iii)    securities or receipts evidencing ownership interests in
obligations or specified portions (such as principal or interest) of
obligations described in clause (i) or (ii) above the full and timely
payment of which securities, receipts or obligations is unconditionally
guaranteed by the United States of America, which obligations, securities
or receipts are not subject to redemption prior to maturity at less than
par at the option of anyone other than the holder thereof.   

     "Indenture" shall mean this Indenture as amended or supplemented at
the time in question.

     "Initial Interest Rate" shall mean the initial rate of interest of
2.75% per annum on the Bonds.

     "Initial Rate Period" shall mean from and including the Original
Delivery Date to and including June 22, 1994.

     "Interest Payment Date" shall mean the first Business Day of each
March, June, September and December commencing on the first Business Day of
September, 1994, and ending on the Maturity Date of the Bonds.

     "Investment Obligations" shall mean:

          (a)  any Government Obligations;

          (b)  any bonds or other obligations of the United States of
     America which as to principal and interest constitute direct
     obligations of the United States of America, or any obligations of
     subsidiary corporations of the United States of America fully
     guaranteed as to payment by the United States of America;

          (c)  obligations of the Federal Land Bank;

          (d)  obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank;

          (e)  obligations of the Federal Intermediate Credit Bank;

          (f)  bonds or obligations issued by any public housing agency or
     municipal corporation in the United States of America, which such
     bonds or obligations are fully secured as to the payment of both
     principal and interest by a pledge of annual contributions under an
     annual contributions contract or contracts with the United States
     government, or project notes issued by any public housing agency,
     urban renewal agency, or municipal corporation in the United States of
     America which are fully secured as to payment of both principal and
     interest by a requisition, loan, or payment agreement with the United
     States government;

          (g)  interest-bearing savings accounts (including that of the
     Trustee), interest-bearing certificates of deposit or interest-bearing
     time deposits or any other investments constituting direct obligations
     of any bank which has deposits insured by the Federal Deposit
     Insurance Corporation; provided that such accounts, certificates of
     deposits, time deposits, or investments are either (a) insured by the
     Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or (b) secured by the deposit
     with any national or state bank located within the State of any
     Government Obligation;

          (h)  short term obligations of corporations organized under the
     laws of any state with assets exceeding $500,000,000 if (i) such
     obligations are rated within the two (2) highest categories
     established by Moody's and S&P and which mature no later than one
     hundred eighty (180) days from the date of purchase and (ii) the
     purchases do not exceed ten (10%) percent of such corporation's
     outstanding obligations;

          (i)  money market mutual funds registered under the Investment
     Company Act of 1940, as amended, provided that the portfolio of any
     such money market fund is limited to Government Obligations and to
     agreements to purchase Government Obligations; and

          (j)  repurchase agreements with respect to obligations included
     in subsections (a) through (i) above and any other investments to the
     extent at the time permitted by then applicable law for the investment
     of public funds.

     "Issuer" shall mean the Village of Walden Industrial Development
Agency, a corporate governmental agency, constituting a public benefit
corporation and existing pursuant to the constitution and laws of the State
including the Act.

     "Letter of Credit" shall mean the irrevocable direct pay letter of
credit dated June 17, 1994, in the amount of $7,875,000, issued by the
Bank, including any extensions thereof.

     "Sale Agreement" shall mean the Sale Agreement of even date herewith
between the Issuer and the Company and any amendments or supplements
thereof permitted by this Indenture.

     "Majority of the Bondholders" shall mean the owners of a majority of
the aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds.

     "Maturity Date" shall mean the first Business Day of December, 2006.

     "Moody's" shall mean Moody's Investors Service, Inc. a Delaware
corporation, its successors and assigns, and, if such corporation shall be
dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer perform the functions of a
securities rating agency, "Moody's" shall be deemed to refer to any other
nationally recognized securities rating agency designated by the Trustee,
with the consent of the Company and the Credit Facility Issuer.

     "Note" shall mean the promissory note given by the Company pursuant
the provisions of the Sale Agreement, substantially in the form attached
thereto.

     "Optional Tender Notice" shall mean a notice from the owner of a Bond
to the Tender Agent in the form attached to the Bond as Exhibit A.

     "Original Delivery Date" shall mean June 17, 1994.

     "Outstanding" in connection with Bonds shall mean, as of the time in
question, all Bonds authenticated and delivered under the Indenture,
except:

        (i)    Bonds theretofore canceled or required to be cancelled under
     Section 212 hereof;

       (ii)    Bonds which are deemed to have been paid in accordance with
     Article XIV hereof; and

      (iii)    Bonds in substitution for which other Bonds have been
     authenticated and delivered pursuant to Article II hereof.

In determining whether the owners of a requisite aggregate principal amount
of Bonds Outstanding have concurred in any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent or waiver under the provisions hereof, Bonds
which are held by or on behalf of the Company (unless all of the
outstanding Bonds are then owned by the Company) or an Affiliate of the
Company (as defined below) shall be disregarded for the purpose of any such
determination.  For the purpose of this paragraph, an "Affiliate" of any
specified entity shall mean any other entity directly or indirectly
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control
with such specified entity and "control", when used with respect to any
specific entity, shall mean the power to direct the management and policies
of such entity, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling"
and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

     "Payments Account" shall mean the account of that name established in
the Bond Fund pursuant to Section 502 hereof.

     "Placement Agent" shall mean the securities dealer, bank or trust
company which is designated by the Company with the consent of the Credit
Facility Issuer and which will agree to establish the Preliminary Fixed
Rate and to use its best efforts to arrange for the sale of Tendered Bonds
on the Conversion Date, all as more particularly described in Section
202(e) hereof.

     "Pledge Agreement" shall mean the Pledge Agreement of even date
herewith by the Company to the Bank, and any amendments or supplements
thereof.

     "Pledged Revenues" means and shall include the payments required to be
made by the Company under the Sale Agreement except payments to be made to
the Trustee for services rendered as Trustee under the Indenture and as
Bond Registrar and paying agent for the Bonds and except for expenses,
indemnification and other payments required to be made pursuant to Sections
7.5 and 7.6 of the Sale Agreement.

     "Principal Office" of the Trustee or Bond Registrar shall mean the
office at which, at the time in question, its corporate trust business is
principally conducted.

     "Prior Bonds" means the $7,500,000 Village of Walden Industrial
Development Agency (Spence Engineering Company Project), Series 1984 bonds.

     "Prior Trustee" means First Union National Bank, as trustee under a
Trust Indenture dated as of December 1, 1984 between Village of Walden
Industrial Development Agency and First Union National Bank.

     "Private Placement Memorandum" shall mean the Private Placement
Memorandum dated June 17, 1994, relating to the Bonds.

     "Regular Record Date" shall mean:

        (i)    in respect of any Interest Payment Date during the Variable
     Rate Period, the close of business on the Business Day immediately
     preceding each such Interest Payment Date, and 

       (ii)    in respect of any Interest Payment Date during the Fixed
     Rate Period, the fifteenth (15th) day (whether or not a Business Day)
     of the calendar month immediately preceding each such Interest Payment
     Date.

     "Reimbursement Agreement" shall mean the Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement of even date herewith by and among the
Company, Watts Industries, Inc., as guarantor, the Company, and the Bank,
as the same may be amended from time to time and filed with the Trustee,
and any agreement of the Company with a Credit Facility Issuer setting
forth the obligations of the Company to such Credit Facility Issuer arising
out of any payments under a Credit Facility and which provides that it
shall be deemed to be a Reimbursement Agreement for the purpose of this
Indenture.

     "Remarketing Account" shall mean the account of that name established
in the Bond Purchase Fund pursuant to Section 302 hereof.

     "Remarketing Agent" shall mean First Union National Bank of North
Carolina and its successors as provided in Section 1201 hereof.

     "Remarketing Agreement" shall mean the Remarketing Agreement of even
date herewith between the Company and the Remarketing Agent and any
amendments and supplements thereof.

     "Requisite Bondholders" shall mean the owners of more than two-thirds
(2/3rds) in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds.

     "Responsible Officer" when used with respect to the Trustee shall mean
the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chairman or
vice-chairman of the executive committee of the board of directors, the
president, any vice president, the secretary, any assistant secretary, the
treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the cashier, any assistant cashier, any
trust officer or assistant trust officer, the controller and any assistant
controller or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing
functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated
officers of banking institutions with trust powers and also shall mean,
with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to
whom such matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity
with the particular subject.

     "Revenues" shall mean:

        (i)    all amounts payable to the Trustee with respect to the
     principal or redemption price of, or interest on the Bonds (a) by the
     Company under the Note, and (b) by the Credit Facility Issuer under a
     Credit Facility, and

       (ii)    investment income with respect to any moneys held by the
     Trustee in the Bond Fund.

     "Security interest" or security interests" refers to the security
interests created herein and in the Security Instruments and shall have the
meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code.

     "S&P" shall mean Standard & Poor's Corporation, a New York
corporation, its successors and assigns, and, if such corporation shall be
dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer perform the functions of a
securities rating agency, "S&P" shall be deemed to refer to any other
nationally recognized securities rating agency designated by the Trustee,
with the consent of the Company and the Credit Facility Issuer.

     "Special Record Date" shall mean for purpose of payment of Defaulted
Interest on the Bonds, the date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section
208 hereof.

     "State" shall mean the State of New York.

     "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation, association or other business
entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the issued and outstanding
stock or equivalent thereof having ordinary voting power is, at the time at
which any determination is being made, owned or controlled by the Company
or by one or more Subsidiaries or other affiliates of the Company.

     "Tender Agent" shall mean The First National Bank of Boston and its
successors as provided in Section 1202 hereof.

     "Tender Agency Agreement" shall mean the Tender Agency Agreement of
even date herewith among the Company, the Trustee and the Tender Agent.

     "Tendered Bonds" shall mean those Bonds tendered or deemed tendered by
the owners for purchase pursuant to an Optional Tender Notice or on the
Conversion Date.

     "Trustee" shall mean The First National Bank of Boston and its
successor in the trust hereunder.

     "Undelivered Bond" shall mean:

        (i)    any Bond for which an Optional Tender Notice has been given
     pursuant to Section 203 hereof and which has not been delivered to the
     Tender Agent on the date specified for purchase and

       (ii)    any Bond which has not been delivered to the Trustee for
     redemption or purchase on any mandatory redemption or purchase date or
     the Conversion Date; provided that in either case the Trustee has on
     hand and available on such date funds sufficient to purchase or redeem
     said Bond.

     "Variable Rate" shall mean a variable interest rate established after
the Initial Rate Period as the rate of interest determined by the
Remarketing Agent on and as of each Determination Date as the minimum rate
of interest necessary, in the judgment of the Remarketing Agent, taking
into account market conditions prevailing on the Determination Date, to
enable the Remarketing Agent to arrange for the sale of all of the Bonds on
the Determination Date in the secondary market at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof (plus interest accrued to the date of settlement). 
If the Remarketing Agent fails to certify such rate, the Variable Rate for
the next succeeding Calculation Period or Periods until thereafter
certified by the Remarketing Agent shall remain the same as that most
recently established and certified by the Remarketing Agent until
thereafter certified by the Remarketing Agent or adjusted as set forth in
the next succeeding sentence.  In the event the Remarketing Agent fails to
certify such rate for four (4) consecutive Calculation Periods, such rate
for each Calculation Period thereafter (if none is certified by the
Remarketing Agent) shall be ninety percent (90%) of the yield for United
States Treasury bills maturing approximately thirty (30) days after the
Determination Date for such Calculation Period as published by The Wall
Street Journal on such Determination Date (or the next Business Day on
which The Wall Street Journal is published if not published on the
Determination Date) (or, if The Wall Street Journal is no longer published,
then any reasonably equivalent financial publication selected by the
Remarketing Agent); provided that if during the Variable Period the
Determination Date at the end of each such Calculation Period is a Regular
Record Date, such Calculation Period will extend until the Business Day
following such Determination Date.  A Bondholder may request the Variable
Rate in effect from time to time with respect to the Bonds from the Trustee
or the Remarketing Agent.  If, for any reason, the Variable Rate is not
determined as described above or is held to be invalid or unenforceable by
a court of competent jurisdiction for any period, the interest rate for
each such period shall be equal to eight percent (8.00%) per annum.  The
Variable Rate shall not be a rate in excess of fifteen percent (15.00%) per
annum.

     "Variable Rate Period" shall mean that period during which a Variable
Rate is in effect on the Bonds.

     "Variable Rate Purchase Date" shall mean while the Bonds bear interest
at the Variable Rate, any Business Day (prior to and including the date
which is the tenth day preceding the Conversion Date) on which the Bonds
may be tendered for purchase at the option of the owner thereof in
accordance with Section 203 hereof.

     Section 102.   Rules of Construction.

     (a)  Words of the masculine gender shall be deemed and construed to
include correlative words of the feminine and neuter genders.  Unless the
context shall otherwise indicate, the words "Bond, "owner", "Bondholder",
"Bondholder of Record" and "person" shall include the plural as well as the
singular number; the word "person" shall include any individual,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company,
trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof; and the word "Bondholder" when used herein with
respect to the Bonds shall mean the registered owner of any of the Bonds.

     (b)  Words importing the redemption or calling for redemption of the
Bonds shall not be deemed to refer to or connote payment of Bonds at their
stated maturity.

     (c)  The Table of Contents, captions and headings in this Indenture
are for convenience only and in no way limit the scope or intent of any
provision or section of this Indenture.

     (d)  All references herein to particular articles or sections are
references to articles or sections of this Indenture unless some other
reference is indicated.

     (e)  All references herein to the Code or the 1954 Code or any
particular provision or section thereof shall be deemed to refer to any
successor, or successor provision or section, thereof, as the case may be.

     (f)  All references herein to time shall be Charlotte, North Carolina
time.


                                ARTICLE II

                                 THE BONDS

     Section 201.   Amount, Terms, and Issuance of the Bonds.

     (a)  The Bonds shall be limited to $7,500,000 in aggregate principal
amount and shall contain substantially the terms recited in the form of
Bond above and as set forth in this Indenture.  No Bonds may be issued
under this Indenture except in accordance with this Article II.  No
additional bonds shall be issued under this Indenture.

     (b)  The Issuer may cause a copy of the text of the opinion of Bond
Counsel delivered in connection with the issuance of the Bonds to be
printed on any of the Bonds.  The Bonds may bear such endorsement or legend
satisfactory to the Trustee as may be required to conform to usage or law
with respect thereto, including the imposition of CUSIP or other
identifying numbers.

     (c)  Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 213
hereof, the Issuer shall issue the Bonds, and the Trustee shall, at the
Issuer's request, authenticate the Bonds and deliver them as specified in
the request.

     Section 202.   Designation, Denominations, Maturity Date and Interest
                    Rates of the Bonds.

     (a)  Designation, Denominations, Maturity Date.  The Bonds shall be
designated "$7,500,000 Village of Walden Industrial Development Agency
Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Spence Engineering Company
Project), Series 1994."  The Bonds shall be issuable as fully registered
Bonds in the denominations of $100,000 or any integral multiple of $5,000
in excess thereof; provided that if less than One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000) principal amount of Bonds is outstanding one Bond shall be
issued in such smaller denomination; and provided further, that subsequent
to the initial issuance of the Bonds, replacement or substitution Bonds or
Bonds issued in exchange in accordance with the provisions of Section 205
hereof may be issued in denominations of $5,000 and integral multiples
thereof.  All Bonds shall bear the date of their authentication, shall bear
interest from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, or, if authenticated on an Interest Payment Date, from that
date, or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the date
of authentication, and shall mature, subject to prior redemption as
provided in Article VII hereof, on the first Business Day of December,
2006.  The Bonds shall be numbered from "1" consecutively upwards prefixed
by the letter "R".  

     (b)  Interest Rates.  The Bonds shall bear interest at the applicable
rate provided below.  On each Interest Payment Date, interest accrued
through the day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date shall be
payable.  While the Bonds bear interest at a Variable Rate interest on the
Bonds shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five
(365) or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as applicable, for the number
of days actually elapsed.  From and including the Conversion Date, and
thereafter, interest on the Bonds shall be computed on the basis of a three
hundred sixty (360) day year for the number of days actually elapsed.

     (c)  Initial Interest Rate.  For the Initial Rate Period, the Bonds
shall bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate.

     (d)  Variable Rate.  Following the Initial Rate Period and until the
Conversion Date, the Bonds shall bear interest at the Variable Rate. 
During the Variable Rate Period, the Remarketing Agent shall determine the
interest rate for the Bonds on each Determination Date.  The Remarketing
Agent shall give notice by telephone, telecopier, telex, telegram or other
telecommunication device, and upon request shall confirm in writing, on the
Determination Date to the Trustee and the Company of the interest rate to
be in effect for the following Calculation Period.  The determination of
the Variable Rate by the Remarketing Agent shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Company, the Trustee, the Tender
Agent and the Remarketing Agent.  Any owner may request the Variable Rate
in effect from time to time with respect to the Bonds from the Trustee or
the Remarketing Agent.  

     (e)  Fixed Rate; Conversion to Fixed Rate.

          (1)  The Company has a one-time option to convert the interest
     rate payable on the Bonds from the Variable Rate to the Fixed Rate
     effective on an Interest Payment Date following compliance by the
     Company with the provisions of this Section 202(e).  The Bonds shall
     be subject to mandatory tender for purchase by the Owners thereof on
     the Conversion Date.  To exercise the option to convert, the Company
     shall deliver or mail by first class mail (i) a notice to the Trustee
     and the Credit Facility Issuer with respect to the determination of
     the Company to convert the interest rate on the Bonds from the
     Variable Rate to the Fixed Rate, which notice shall be delivered to
     the Trustee at least thirty (30) but not more than forty-five (45)
     days prior to the Conversion Date, and (ii) the opinion of Bonds
     Counsel described in Section 202(f) hereof.  The Trustee shall then
     deliver or mail by first class mail a notice in substantially the form
     attached hereto as Exhibit B at least twenty (20) days but not more
     than thirty (30) days prior to the Conversion Date to the Owner of
     each Bond at the address shown on the registration books of the
     Issuer.  Any notice given by the Trustee as provided in this Section
     shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not
     the Owner receives the notice.  Failure to mail any such notice, or
     the mailing of defective notice, to any Owner, shall not affect the
     proceeding for purchase as to any Owner to whom proper notice is
     mailed.  Said notice shall state, among other things, (1) the
     Conversion Date, (2) the name and address of the placement agent which
     has agreed to use its best efforts to arrange for the sale of any
     bonds to be tendered or deemed tendered for purchase on the Conversion
     Date (herein called the "Placement Agent"), (3) that after the
     seventeenth (17th) day preceeding the Conversion Date, the owner will
     not be entitled to deliver an Optional Tender Notice and that after
     tenth (10th) day preceding the Conversion Date, the owner will not be
     entitled to tender this Bond for purchase as described below, (4) that
     this Bond will be deemed tendered for purchase on the Conversion Date,
     (5) that in order to receive payment of the purchase price of any Bond
     which is deemed to have been tendered, the registered owner of such
     Bond must deliver such Bond to the office of the Tender Agent before
     10 a.m. Eastern time on the Conversion Date specifying such address,
     and (6) that interest on any Bond will be payable only to (but not
     including) the Conversion Date.

          As described above, Owners of Bonds shall be required to tender
     their Bonds on the Conversion Date to the Tender Agent for purchase at
     the purchase price, and any such Bonds not so tendered on the
     Conversion Date ("Undelivered Bonds"), for which there has been
     irrevocably deposited in trust with the Trustee an amount of moneys
     sufficient to pay the Purchase Price of the Untendered Bonds, shall be
     deemed to have been tendered and purchased pursuant to this Section
     202(e).  IN THE EVENT OF A FAILURE BY AN OWNER OF BONDS TO TENDER ITS
     BONDS ON OR PRIOR TO THE CONVERSION DATE, SAID OWNER SHALL NOT BE
     ENTITLED TO ANY PAYMENT (INCLUDING ANY INTEREST TO ACCRUE SUBSEQUENT
     TO THE CONVERSION DATE) OTHER THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR SUCH
     UNTENDERED BONDS, AND ANY UNTENDERED BONDS SHALL NO LONGER BE ENTITLED
     TO THE BENEFITS OF THIS INDENTURE, EXCEPT FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYMENT
     OF THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR.

          (2)  On or before the proposed Conversion Date, the Placement
     Agent shall determine the Fixed Rate as of such date in the manner
     described in subsection (4) below and shall notify the Trustee and the
     Company of the Fixed Rate by telephone, telecopier, telex, telegram or
     other telecommunication device and upon request, shall confirm such
     notice in writing.

          (3)  Any owner of Bonds to be converted to a Fixed Rate shall be
     deemed to have tendered its Bonds to the Tender Agent.  Said owner
     shall not be entitled to any payment (including any interest to accrue
     subsequently to the Conversion Date) other than the purchase price for
     such Bonds which shall be equal to the unpaid principal amount of such
     Bonds, and any such Bonds shall no longer be entitled to the benefits
     of this Indenture, except for the purpose of payment of the purchase
     price therefor and interest payable on the Conversion Date.  Payment
     of the purchase price of any such Bonds shall be made only upon the
     presentment and surrender of such Bonds to the Tender Agent.  Upon
     request, the Trustee shall provide the Tender Agent with the address
     set forth on the Bond Register for such owner.  The Trustee shall
     notify the Bond Registrar of all Bonds with respect to which the
     Trustee has not received Optional Retention Notices, which Bonds shall
     be deemed to be tendered for purchase on the Conversion Date.  In the
     case of any Bond deemed tendered, the Issuer shall cause to be
     executed, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the new
     owner as provided in Section 301 hereof a new Bond of like date and
     tenor in lieu of and in substitution for such Bond deemed to be
     tendered.

          (4)  On or before the Conversion Date, the Fixed Rate shall be
     the interest rate per annum which, in the sole judgment of the
     Placement Agent, taking into account prevailing financial market
     conditions, would be the minimum interest rate required to sell such
     Bonds on the Conversion Date at a price equal to the 100% of the
     principal amount thereof.  The Fixed Rate shall be determined by the
     Placement Agent on or before the Conversion Date, and the Placement
     Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Company thereof by telephone or
     such other manner as may be appropriate by not later than 2:00 p.m.,
     Eastern time, on the Conversion Date, which notice shall be promptly
     confirmed in writing.

     (f)  Condition to Conversion; Additional Notices.

          (1)  As a condition to the giving of notice as provided in
     Section 202(e) above, the Company shall provide the Trustee with an
     opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that the proposed conversion of
     the interest rate on the Bonds will not cause the interest on the
     Bonds to be includable in the gross income of the owners thereof for
     federal income tax purposes.

          (2)  The delivery by the Company to the Trustee of a letter from
     Bond Counsel confirming the opinion required prior to the notification
     described above on such Conversion Date is a condition precedent to
     any such Conversion.  In the event that the Company fails to deliver
     to the Trustee the letter of Bond Counsel referred to in the preceding
     sentence, such Conversion shall not take effect, and the Bonds shall
     continue to bear interest at the Variable Rate.

          (3)  The Trustee shall provide the Tender Agent with a copy of
     any notice delivered to the owners of the Bonds pursuant to Section
     202 hereof. 

     Section 203.   Optional Tender Provisions of the Bonds.

     (a)  While the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, any Bond or
portion thereof in an authorized denomination (other than a Bond registered
in the name of the Company) shall be purchased on the demand of the owner
thereof, on any Business Day at a purchase price equal to one hundred
percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to the
date of purchase, if the owner of such Bond delivers to the Tender Agent at
its address filed with the Trustee an Optional Tender Notice at least seven
(7) days prior to the Variable Rate Purchase Date specified in such Notice.

     (b)  Any Optional Tender Notice delivered pursuant to the preceding
subsection shall automatically constitute:  (1) an irrevocable offer to
sell such bond on the Variable Rate Purchase Date at a price equal to one
hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount of such Bond plus interest
accrued to the Variable Rate Purchase Date; and (2) an irrevocable
authorization and instruction to the Bond Registrar to effect transfer of
such Bond to the purchaser thereof on the Variable Rate Purchase Date.  No
purchase of Bonds pursuant to the provisions of this Section 203 shall be
deemed a redemption thereof.

     (c)  Any owner who delivers an Optional Tender Notice pursuant to this
Section 203 shall deliver such Bond to the Tender Agent, at its address
filed with the Trustee, not less than five (5) days prior to the Variable
Rate Purchase Date specified in the aforesaid Optional Tender Notice;
provided, however, that any Bond owner which is an investment company
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 may deliver Bonds owned
by it to the Tender Agent at its address filed with the Trustee, at or
prior to 10:00 a.m. on the Variable Rate Purchase Date.  All Bonds
delivered to the Tender Agent pursuant to this Section 203 must be duly
endorsed for transfer in blank in form satisfactory to the Trustee.

     (d)  If a Bondholder who gives the Optional Tender Notice shall fail
to deliver the Bond or Bonds identified in the Optional Tender Notice to
the Tender Agent at or prior to 10:00 a.m. on the Variable Rate Purchase
Date, such Undelivered Bond shall be purchased and shall cease to accrue
interest on such Variable Rate Purchase Date and the owner thereof shall
thereafter be entitled only to payment of the purchase price therefor and
not to the benefits of this Indenture, and the Issuer, to the extent
permitted by law, shall execute and the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent
shall authenticate and deliver a substitute Bond or Bonds in lieu of the
Undelivered Bond and the Bond Registrar shall register such Bond in the
name of the purchaser or purchasers thereof pursuant to Section 205 hereof. 
The Tender Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Bond Registrar of any
Undelivered Bonds.  The Trustee shall (1) notify the Remarketing Agent of
such Undelivered Bond and (2) place a stop transfer against such
Undelivered Bonds until the Undelivered Bonds are properly delivered to the
Tender Agent.  Payment of the purchase price of any such Undelivered Bonds
shall be made only upon the presentment and surrender of such Bonds to the
Tender Agent.  Upon notice of such delivery, the Bond Registrar shall make
any necessary adjustment to the Bond Register.

     (e)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
rights of the owners to tender Bonds pursuant to this Section 203 shall
cease immediately and without further notice from and including the date
payment of the Bonds is accelerated following an Event of Default pursuant
to Article IX hereof.

     Section 204.   Registered Bonds Required; Bond Registrar and Bond
                    Register.

     (a)  All Bonds shall be issued in fully registered form.  The Bonds
shall be registered upon original issuance and upon subsequent transfer or
exchange as provided in this Indenture.

     (b)  The Issuer shall designate one or more persons to act as "Bond
Registrar" for the Bonds, provided that the Bond Registrar appointed for
the Bonds shall be either the Trustee or a person which would meet the
requirements for qualification as a successor trustee imposed by Section
1014 hereof.  The Issuer hereby appoints The First National Bank of Boston
as its Bond Registrar in respect of the Bonds.  Any person other than the
Trustee undertaking to act as Bond Registrar shall first execute a written
agreement, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, to perform the duties of a
Bond Registrar under this Indenture, which agreement shall be filed with
the Trustee and the Tender Agent.

     (c)  The Bond Registrar shall act as registrar and transfer agent for
the Bonds.  There shall be kept at an office of the Bond Registrar a
register (herein sometimes referred to as the "Bond Register") in which,
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee or the
Bond Registrar may prescribe, there shall be provisions for the
registration of the Bonds and for the registration of transfers of the
Bonds.  The Issuer shall cause the Bond Registrar to designate, by a
written notification to the Trustee, a specific office location (which may
be changed from time to time, upon similar notification) at which the Bond
Register is kept.  In the absence of a specific designation by the Bond
Registrar, the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee in Canton,
Massachusetts shall be deemed such office in respect of the Bonds for which
the Trustee is acting as Bond Registrar.

     Section 205.   Transfer and Exchange.

     (a)  Upon surrender for transfer of any Bond at the office of the Bond
Registrar, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating
Agent shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or
transferees, one or more new fully registered Bonds of authorized
denomination for the aggregate principal amount which the new owner is
entitled to receive; provided that if moneys for the purchase of such Bond
have been provided pursuant to a draw under the Credit Facility, such Bond
shall not be transferable to any one other than the Company or its assignee
or pledgee.  Except for transfers in connection with the purchase of Bonds
pursuant to Section 203 hereof and the remarketing thereof pursuant to
Article III, which shall be effected at the office of the Tender Agent in
Canton, Massachusetts, Bonds shall be surrendered for transfer at the
principal corporate trust office of the Trustee in Canton, Massachusetts. 
Also, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent
shall authenticate and deliver Bonds in lieu of Undelivered Bonds.

     (b)  Bonds may be exchanged for other Bonds of any other authorized
denomination, of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the
Bonds to be exchanged at the principal corporate trust office of the Bond
Registrar or Trustee; provided, however, that in connection with the
purchase of Bonds tendered for purchase and the remarketing thereof
pursuant to Article III hereof, Bonds may be exchanged at the principal
office of the Tender Agent, or any office of any agent designated by, the
Trustee.  Whenever any Bonds are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer
shall execute, and the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall
authenticate and deliver, the Bonds which the Bondholder making the
exchange is entitled to receive.

     (c)  All Bonds presented for transfer, exchange, redemption or payment
(if so required by the Issuer, the Bond Registrar or the Trustee) shall be
accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer or
authorization for exchange, in form satisfactory to the Bond Registrar,
which may include a signature guarantee, duly executed by the owner or by
his attorney duly authorized in writing.

     (d)  No service charge shall be made to a Bondholder for any exchange
or transfer of Bonds, but the Issuer or the Bond Registrar may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge
that may be imposed in relation thereto.

     (e)  Except in connection with the purchase of Bonds pursuant to
Section 203 hereof and the remarketing thereof pursuant to Article III
hereof, neither the Issuer nor any Bond Registrar on behalf of the Issuer
shall be required to issue, transfer or exchange any Bond selected for
redemption in whole or in part.

     (f)  New Bonds delivered upon transfer or exchange shall be valid
obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt as the Bond
surrendered, shall be secured by this Indenture and shall be entitled to
all of the security and benefits hereof to the same extent as the Bonds
surrendered;

     Section 206.   Execution.

     (a)  The Bonds shall be executed by the manual or facsimile signature
of the Chairman, the seal of the Issuer shall be affixed, imprinted,
lithographed or reproduced thereon and the same shall be attested by the
manual or facsimile signature of the Clerk.

     (b)  Bonds executed as above provided may be issued and shall, upon
request of the Issuer, be authenticated by the Trustee or the
Authenticating Agent, notwithstanding that any officer signing such Bonds
or whose facsimile signature appears thereon shall have ceased to hold
office at the time of issuance or authentication or shall not have held
office at the date of the Bond.

     Section 207.   Authentication; Authenticating Agent.

     (a)  No Bond shall be valid for any purpose until the Trustee's
Certificate of Authentication thereon shall have been duly executed as
provided in this Indenture, and such authentication shall be conclusive
proof that such Bond has been duly authenticated and delivered under this
Indenture and that the owner thereof is entitled to the benefit of the
trust hereby created subject to the provisions of Section 203(d) and
Article XIV hereof.

     (b)  If the Bond Registrar is other than the Trustee, the Trustee may
appoint the Bond Registrar as an Authenticating Agent with the power to act
on the Trustee's behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication
and delivery of Bonds in connection with transfers and exchanges under
Section 205 hereof, and the authentication and delivery of Bonds by an
Authenticating Agent pursuant to this Section shall, for all purposes of
this Indenture, be deemed to be the authentication and delivery "by the
Trustee".  The Trustee shall, however, itself authenticate all Bonds upon
their initial issuance.  The Authenticating Agent may authenticate Bonds in
substitution for Undelivered Bonds.  The Authenticating Agent shall be
entitled to reasonable compensation from the Company for its services.

     (c)  Any corporation into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged
or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any
Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the
corporate trust business of any Authenticating Agent, shall be the
successor of the Authenticating Agent hereunder, if such successor
corporation is otherwise eligible as a Bond Registrar under Section 204
hereof, without the execution or filing of any further document on the part
of the parties hereto or the Authenticating Agent or such successor
corporation.

     (d)  Any Authenticating Agent may at any time resign by giving written
notice of resignation to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Remarketing Agent and
the Company.  The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any
Authenticating Agent by giving written notice of termination to such
Authenticating Agent, the Issuer and the Company.  Upon receiving such a
notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time
any Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the
Trustee shall promptly appoint a successor Authenticating Agent, shall give
written notice of such appointment to the Issuer and the Company, and shall
mail notice of such appointment to all owners of Bonds as the names and
addresses of such owners appear on the Bond Register.

     Section 208.   Payment of Principal and Interest; Interest Rights
                    Preserved.

     (a)  The principal and redemption price of any Bond shall be payable,
upon surrender of such Bond, at the office of the Trustee or other paying
agent appointed pursuant to this Indenture.  Interest on each Interest
Payment Date shall be payable by check, mailed on the Interest Payment Date
to the address of the person entitled thereto on the Regular Record Date
or, if applicable, the Special Record Date, as such address shall appear in
the Bond Register.  While the Bonds bear interest at a Variable Rate,
Interest shall also be payable by wire transfer to the account of a member
bank of the Federal Reserve System of any owner of Bonds in the aggregate
principal amount of $1,000,000 or more at the written request (identifying
such account by number) of such owner received by the Trustee on or prior
to the Regular Record Date or Special Record Date.

     (b)  Interest on any Bond which is payable, and is punctually paid or
duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the person
in whose name that Bond is registered at the close of business on the
Regular Record Date for such interest.

     (c)  Any interest on any Bond which is payable, and is not punctually
paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (herein called
"Defaulted Interest") shall forthwith cease to be payable to the owner of
such Bonds on the relevant Regular Record Date solely by virtue of such
registered owner having been such record owner on the Regular Record Date,
and such Defaulted Interest shall be paid, pursuant to Section 911 hereof,
to the person in whose name the Bond is registered at the close of business
on a Special Record Date to be fixed by the Trustee, such date to be not
more than fifteen (15) nor less than ten (10) days prior to the date of
proposed payment.  The Trustee shall cause notice of the proposed payment
of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be
mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each Bondholder, at its address as
it appears in the Bond Register, not less than ten (10) days prior to such
Special Record Date.

     (d)  Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 208, each
Bond delivered under this Indenture, upon transfer of or exchange for or in
lieu of any other Bond shall carry the rights to interest accrued and
unpaid, and to accrue, as such other Bond.

     All payments of principal and redemption price of and interest on the
Bonds, whether upon redemption, acceleration, maturity or otherwise, shall
be made first, pursuant to draws under the Credit Facility in accordance
with its terms on the dates when due; second, from other Available Moneys
on deposit with the Trustee and not held in trust for the benefit of the
owners of the Bonds pursuant to the provisions of Article XIV hereof; and
then from other collected funds available to the Trustee hereunder for such
payments.  

     Section 209.   Persons Deemed Owners.

     The Issuer, the Trustee, the Bond Registrar and the Authenticating
Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name any Bond is registered as
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not such Bond shall be overdue and
notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by
anyone other than the Issuer, the Trustee, the Bond Registrar or the
Authenticating Agent) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account
of the principal of (and premium, if any, on), and (subject to Section 208
hereof) interest on such Bond, and for all other purposes, and neither the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Bond Registrar, nor the Authenticating Agent shall
be affected by any notice to the contrary.  All such payments so made to
any such registered owner, or upon his order, shall be valid and, to the
extent of the sum or sums so paid, effectual to satisfy and discharge the
liability for moneys payable upon any such Bond.

     Section 210.   Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost, Stolen or Undelivered
                    Bonds.

     (a)  If any Bond shall become mutilated, the Issuer shall execute, and
the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall thereupon authenticate and
deliver, a new Bond of like tenor and denomination in exchange and
substitution for the Bond so mutilated, but only upon surrender to the
Trustee of such mutilated Bond for cancellation, and the Issuer and the
Trustee may require reasonable indemnity therefor.  If any Bond shall be
reported lost, stolen or destroyed, evidence as to the loss, theft or
destruction thereof shall be submitted to the Issuer and the Trustee; and
if such evidence shall be satisfactory to both and indemnity satisfactory
to both shall be given, the Issuer shall execute, and thereupon the Trustee
or its Authenticating Agent shall authenticate and deliver, a new Bond of
like tenor and denomination.  The cost of providing any substitute Bond
under the provisions of this Section shall be borne by the Bondholder for
whose benefit such substitute Bond is provided.  If any such mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed Bond shall have matured or be about to mature,
the Issuer may, with the consent of the Trustee, pay to the owner the
principal amount of such Bond upon the maturity thereof and the compliance
with the aforesaid conditions by such owner, without the issuance of a
substitute Bond therefor.

     (b)  The Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating
Agent shall authenticate and deliver a substitute Bond in lieu of each
Undelivered Bond.

     (c)  Every substituted Bond issued pursuant to this Section 210 shall
constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or
not the Bond alleged to have been destroyed, lost or stolen shall be at any
time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of
this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Bonds
duly issued hereunder.

     (d)  All Bonds shall be held and owned upon the express condition that
the foregoing provisions are, to the extent permitted by law, exclusive
with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost,
stolen or Undelivered Bonds and shall preclude any and all other rights or
remedies.

     Section 211.   Temporary Bonds.

     Pending preparation of definitive Bonds, or by agreement with the
purchasers of all Bonds, the Issuer may issue, and, upon its request, the
Trustee shall authenticate, in lieu of definitive Bonds one or more
temporary printed or typewritten Bonds of substantially the tenor recited
above in any denomination authorized under Section 202 hereof.  Upon
request of the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate definitive Bonds in
exchange for and upon surrender of an equal principal amount of temporary
Bonds.  Until so exchanged, temporary Bonds shall have the same rights,
remedies and security hereunder as definitive Bonds.

     Section 212.   Cancellation of Surrendered Bonds.

     Bonds surrendered for payment, redemption, transfer or exchange and
Bonds surrendered to the Trustee by the Issuer or by the Company for
cancellation shall be cancelled by the Trustee and a certificate evidencing
such cancellation shall be furnished by the Trustee to the Issuer and the
Company.  Bonds purchased pursuant to Section 203 hereof shall not be
surrendered Bonds and, unless otherwise specifically provided in this
Indenture, shall be Outstanding Bonds.

     Section 213.   Conditions of Issuance.

     (a)  Prior to or simultaneously with the authentication and delivery
of the Bonds by the Trustee, the Trustee shall have received notice that
the conditions for the issuance of the Letter of Credit as set forth in
Article VII of the original Reimbursement Agreement have been satisfied and
there shall be filed with the Trustee such documents, certificates and
opinions as Trustee may require, including, the following:

          (1)  A copy, certified by the Secretary, of the resolution of the
     Issuer authorizing the issuance of the Bonds, awarding the Bonds and
     directing the authentication and delivery of the Bonds to or upon the
     order of the purchaser(s) therein named upon payment of the purchase
     price therein set forth.

          (2)  Executed counterparts of this Indenture, the Sale Agreement,
     the Note (endorsed without recourse by the Issuer to the Trustee), the
     Letter of Credit, the Reimbursement Agreement, the Tender Agency
     Agreement and the Remarketing Agreement.

          (3)  An opinion of Counsel to the Issuer, to the effect that the
     execution and delivery of the Sale Agreement and this Indenture have
     been duly authorized by the Issuer, the Sale Agreement and this
     Indenture have been duly executed by the Issuer and that, assuming
     proper authorization and execution of this Indenture by the Trustee
     and of the Sale Agreement by the Company, the Sale Agreement and this
     Indenture are the valid and binding agreements of the Issuer
     enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to the
     qualification that enforceability thereof may be limited by
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
     affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by the
     exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general equitable
     principles.

          (4)  An opinion of Counsel to the Company to the effect that the
     execution and delivery of the Sale Agreement, the Note, the
     Reimbursement Agreement, the Remarketing Agreement and the Tender
     Agency Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company, that the
     Sale Agreement, the Note, the Reimbursement Agreement, the Remarketing
     Agreement and the Tender Agency Agreement have been duly executed and
     delivered by the Company, and that the Sale Agreement, the Note, the
     Reimbursement Agreement, the Remarketing Agreement and the Tender
     Agency Agreement, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
     thereof by the other parties thereto, if any, are valid, binding and
     enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
     subject to the qualification that enforceability thereof may be
     limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
     similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally and
     by the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general
     equitable principles.

          (5)  An opinion of Counsel to the Company to the effect that
     copies of such instruments and financing statements (described in such
     opinion) as are necessary have been recorded and filed in the manner
     and places required by State law with the effect that (i) the lien on
     this Indenture has been perfected and creates, as to the rights of the
     Issuer under the Sale Agreement assigned under this Indenture, a valid
     security interest; and (ii) that the Issuer's endorsement and pledge
     of the Note to the Trustee and the Trustee's possession thereof
     creates a valid, perfected, first priority security interest in the
     Note, subject to no equal or prior liens.

          (6)  An opinion of Counsel to the Issuer, to the effect that the
     issuance of the Bonds and the execution of this Indenture have been
     duly and validly authorized by the Issuer, that all conditions
     precedent to the delivery of the Bonds have been fulfilled and that
     the Bonds and this Indenture are valid and binding agreements of the
     Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the
     qualification that enforceability thereof may be limited by
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
     affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by the
     exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general equitable
     principles.

          (7)  A written request and authorization of the Issuer addressed
     to the Trustee directing the Trustee to authenticate and deliver the
     Bonds.  

          (8)  Such other documents as the Trustee may reasonably require.

          (9)  A favorable opinion of Bond Counsel as to the tax-exempt
     status of interest on the Bonds.  

     (b)  When the documents mentioned in paragraphs (1) through (9) of
subsection (a) of this Section shall have been filed with the Trustee and
when the Bonds shall have been executed as required by this Indenture, the
Trustee shall authenticate the Bonds and deliver them to or upon the order
of the purchaser(s) named in the resolution mentioned in paragraph (1)
thereof, but only upon payment to the Trustee for the account of the Issuer
of the purchase price of the Bonds.  The Trustee shall be entitled to rely
conclusively upon such resolution or resolutions, or document approved
thereby, as to the name of the purchasers and the amount of such purchase
price.

     (c)  Simultaneously with the delivery of the Bonds, the Trustee shall
apply the proceeds of the Bonds in accordance with Article IV of this
Indenture.


                                ARTICLE III

                PURCHASE AND REMARKETING OF TENDERED BONDS

     Section 301.   Remarketing of Tendered Bonds.

     (a)  Not later than the close of business on the date the Tender Agent
receives an Optional Tender Notice, the Tender Agent shall notify the
Remarketing Agent and the Company by telephone, telex or telecopier,
confirmed in writing if requested, specifying the Variable Rate Purchase
Date.

     (b)  Not later than the close of business on the ninth (9th) day prior
to the Conversion Date, the Trustee shall notify the Placement Agent and
the Company by telephone, telex or telecopier, confirmed in writing if
requested, specifying the aggregate principal amount of Bonds deemed
tendered for mandatory purchase on the Conversion Date.

     (c)  Except as provided in subsection (d) below and Section 305
hereof, upon receipt by the Remarketing Agent of notice from the Tender
Agent pursuant to Section 301(a) hereof and by the Placement Agent of
notice from the Trustee pursuant to Section 301(b) hereof, the Remarketing
Agent or the Placement Agent, as the case may be, shall use its best
efforts to arrange for the sale, at par plus accrued interest, if any, of
such Bonds tendered or deemed tendered for settlement on the Variable Rate
Purchase Date or the Conversion Date, respectively.  At or before 4:00 p.m.
on the Business Day immediately preceding the Variable Rate Purchase Date
or the Conversion Date, the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent,
respectively, shall give notice by telephone, telecopier or telex, promptly
confirmed in writing if requested, to the Trustee and the Tender Agent
specifying the principal amount of such Bonds, if any, placed by it and to
the Trustee the names, addresses and social security numbers or other tax
identification numbers of the proposed purchasers thereof.

     (d)  Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (c) above, any Bond
purchased pursuant to the terms of this Indenture from the date notice of
redemption or conversion is given shall not be remarketed except to a buyer
who agrees at the time of such purchase to tender such Bond for redemption
or purchase on the redemption or purchase date.

     (e)  During the Variable Rate Period, the Remarketing Agent shall
continue to use its best efforts to arrange for the sale, at the best price
available, but not less than the principal amount thereof plus accrued
interest, of any Bonds purchased with moneys advanced under the Credit
Facility pursuant to Section 302(a)(2) hereof; provided that Bonds
purchased with moneys advanced under the Credit Facility shall not be
released for delivery to the purchasers unless the Credit Facility has been
reinstated by the sum of (a) the amount drawn thereunder to pay the
purchase price for such Bonds and (b) interest on such portion for 120 days
at a maximum rate of 15%, and the Trustee has received the executed
reinstatement certificate required to be delivered by such Credit Facility
Issuer.  The Trustee agrees to advise the Tender Agent immediately upon
receipt of such reinstatement certificate.

     Section 302.   Purchase of Bonds Delivered to the Tender Agent.

     (a)  There is hereby established with the Tender Agent a Bond Purchase
Fund out of which the purchase price for Bonds tendered for purchase on a
Variable Rate Purchase Date, the Conversion Date or on such other date on
which Bonds are remarketed shall be paid.  There are hereby established in
the Bond Purchase Fund two separate and segregated accounts, to be
designated the "Remarketing Account" and the "Bank Account".  Funds
received from purchasers of Tendered Bonds (other than the Company or the
Credit Facility Issuer) shall be deposited by the Remarketing Agent or the
Placement Agent, as the case may be, in the Remarketing Account.  At or
prior to 10:00 a.m. on each Variable Rate Purchase Date or the Conversion
Date, the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent, as the case may be,
shall deliver to the Tender Agent for deposit in the Remarketing Account of
the Bond Purchase Fund immediately available funds, payable to the order of
the Tender Agent, in an amount equal to the purchase price of the Bonds to
be delivered to the Tender Agent that have been remarketed by the
Remarketing Agent or placed by the Placement Agent as specified in the
notice delivered pursuant to Section 301(c) hereof.  Funds, if any, drawn
by the Trustee under the Credit Facility pursuant to Section 302(b) below
in an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price of Bonds tendered for
purchase less the amount available in the Remarketing Account shall, at the
direction of the Trustee, be delivered by the Credit Facility Issuer to the
Tender Agent for deposit in the Bank Account of the Bond Purchase Fund.  On
each Variable Rate Purchase Date and on the Conversion Date, the Tender
Agent shall effect the purchase, but only from the funds listed below, of
such Bonds from the owners thereof at a purchase price equal to the
principal amount thereof, plus interest accrued, if any, to the date of
purchase and such payment shall be made in immediately available funds. 
Funds from the payment of such purchase price shall be derived from the
following sources in the order of priority indicated:

          (1)  proceeds of the remarketing of such Bonds pursuant to
     Section 301(c) hereof which constitute Available Moneys.

          (2)  moneys furnished by the Trustee to the Tender Agent
     representing proceeds of a drawing by the Trustee under the Credit
     Facility; and

          (3)  any other moneys available for such purposes.

     (b)  The Tender Agent shall advise the Trustee by telex or telecopier
and shall advise the Credit Facility Issuer and the Company by telephone,
in each case, no later than 10:30 a.m. on each Variable Rate Purchase Date
or the Conversion Date, as the case may be, of the amount of any drawing
under the Credit Facility necessary to make timely payments hereunder.  The
Trustee shall promptly (and in no event later than 11:00 a.m.) take all
action necessary to draw on the Credit Facility the specified amount.  All
amounts received by the Trustee from a drawing under the Credit Facility
shall be transferred to the Tender Agent and held by the Tender Agent in
the Bank Account pending application of such moneys as provided in this
Article III.  The Trustee shall provide to the Tender Agent the funds
referred to in paragraph (2) of Section 302(a) prior to the time the Tender
Agent is required to apply such funds to effect the purchase of Bonds and
shall notify the Tender Agent promptly after receipt of notice from the
Credit Facility Issuer reinstating the Credit Facility.  The Remarketing
Agent shall deliver funds from the sale of Bonds held by the Credit
Facility Issuer as pledgee of the Company pursuant to Section 301(e) hereof
to the Tender Agent for deposit in the Remarketing Account, which funds
shall be promptly paid by the Tender Agent on behalf of the Company to the
Credit Facility Issuer as reimbursement under the Reimbursement Agreement. 
The Tender Agent shall notify the Trustee of any such reimbursement, and
the Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Credit Facility Issuer any
reinstatement certificate and the form of transfer certificate required by
the Credit Facility.

     Section 303.   Delivery of Purchased Bonds.

     (a)  Bonds purchased shall be delivered as follows:

          (1)  Bonds placed by the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent
     pursuant to Section 301 hereof shall be delivered by the Tender Agent
     to the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent, as the case may be,
     on behalf of the purchasers thereof.

          (2)  Bonds purchased with moneys described in Section 302(a)(2)
     shall be delivered to the Credit Facility Issuer as pledgee of the
     Company pursuant to the terms of the Reimbursement Agreement and the
     Pledge Agreement or the Credit Facility Issuer designee.

     (b)  Except as otherwise set forth herein, Bonds delivered as provided
in this Section 303 shall be registered by the Bond Registrar in the manner
directed by the recipient thereof.

     (c)  In the event that any Bond to be delivered to the Tender Agent is
not delivered by the owner thereof properly endorsed for transfer on or
prior to the Variable Rate Purchase Date or the Conversion Date, as the
case may be, and there has been irrevocably deposited with the Tender Agent
an amount sufficient to pay the purchase price thereof, which amount may be
held by the Tender Agent in a non-interest bearing account, the Issuer
shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall
authenticate and deliver a substitute Bond in lieu of the Undelivered Bond
and the Bond Registrar shall register such Bond in the name of the
purchaser thereof.  Thereafter, interest on such Undelivered Bond shall
cease to accrue, and the holder thereof shall be entitled only to payment
of the purchase price therefor and not to the benefits of the Indenture.  

     (d)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bonds purchased with funds
identified in Section 302(a)(2) hereof shall be held by the Credit Facility
Issuer or the Tender Agent and shall not be delivered to subsequent
purchasers thereof or any other person until the Trustee has notified the
Tender Agent that the Credit Facility has been reinstated to the extent of
the purchase price of such Bonds and interest thereon.

     Section 304.   Delivery of the Proceeds of the Sale of Remarketed
                    Bonds.

     The proceeds of the placement of the Bonds by the Remarketing Agent of
any Bonds delivered to the Tender Agent or by the Placement Agent of Bonds
on the Conversion Date shall be paid first, to the tendering Bondholders of
such Bonds; second, to the Credit Facility Issuer, to the extent of any
amounts drawn under the Credit Facility in connection with the payment of
the purchase price for such Bonds and not reimbursed to the Credit Facility
Issuer as of the time of sale of such Bonds; and third, to the Company.

     Section 305.   No Remarketing After Certain Events.

     Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, there
shall be no remarketing of Bonds pursuant to this Article III after the
Conversion Date or the principal of the Bonds shall have been accelerated
pursuant to Section 902 hereof.


                                ARTICLE IV

                         REFUNDING OF PRIOR BONDS

     Section 401.   Refunding of Prior Bonds.

     The proceeds of the sale of the Bonds shall be held in trust by the
Trustee and paid by the Trustee immediately to the holders of the Prior
Bonds to pay in full the outstanding principal amount of the Prior Bonds. 
Simultaneously with such payment by the Trustee, the Company shall pay all
additional amounts sufficient to pay interest on the Prior Bonds to the
date of redemption thereof and to pay directly all fees, charges and
expenses of the holders, the Paying Agent and Registrar for the Prior Bonds
and the Prior Trustee on the date of delivery of the Bonds.  Following such
payments, the Trustee shall receive from the Prior Trustee a certificate to
the effect that the Prior Bonds have been redeemed and paid in full and
evidence that the Prior Bonds have been cancelled.


                                 ARTICLE V

                     REVENUES AND APPLICATION THEREOF

     Section 501.   Revenues to be Paid Over to Trustee.

     The Issuer has caused the Revenues to be paid directly to the Trustee. 
If, notwithstanding these arrangements, the Issuer receives any payments on
account of the Note or a Credit Facility with respect to the principal or
redemption price of or interest on the Bonds, the Issuer shall immediately
pay over the same to the Trustee to be held as Revenues.

     Section 502.   The Bond Fund.

     (a)  There is hereby established with the Trustee a special fund to be
designated "Village of Walden Industrial Development Agency Industrial
Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Spence Engineering Company Project),
Series 1994 Bond Fund" (the "Bond Fund"), the moneys in which, in
accordance with Section 502(c) hereof, the Trustee shall apply to (1) the
principal or redemption price of Bonds as they mature or become due, upon
surrender thereof, and (2) the interest on Bonds as it becomes payable. 
There are hereby established with the Trustee within the Bond Fund two
separate and segregated accounts, to be designated the "Payments Account"
and the "Credit Facility Account".

     (b)  There shall be deposited into the various accounts of the Bond
Fund from time to time the following:

          (1)  into the Payments Account, (A) all payments of principal or
     redemption price (including premium) of or interest on the Note, and
     (B) all other moneys received by the Trustee under and pursuant to the
     provisions of this Indenture or any of the provisions of the Note or
     the Sale Agreement, when accompanied by written directions from the
     person depositing such moneys that such moneys are to be paid into
     such account of the Bond Fund.  All amounts deposited in the Payments
     Account shall be segregated and held, with the earnings thereon,
     separate and apart from other funds in the Bond Fund until such
     amounts become Available Moneys.  At such time as funds deposited in
     the Payments Account become Available Moneys, they may be commingled
     with other Available Moneys in the Payments Account; and

          (2)  into the Credit Facility Account, all moneys drawn by the
     Trustee under the Credit Facility to pay principal or redemption price
     (excluding any premium) of the Bonds and interest on the Bonds.

     (c)  Except as provided in Section 911 hereof, moneys in the Bond Fund
shall be used solely for the payment of the principal or redemption price
of the Bonds and interest on the Bonds from the following sources but only
in the following order of priority;

          (1)  moneys held in the Credit Facility Account, provided that in
     no event shall moneys held in the Credit Facility Account be used to
     pay any amounts due on Bonds which are held by or for the Company,
     including without limitation, Bonds pledged to the Credit Facility
     Issuer, or to pay any portion of the redemption premiums required
     pursuant to Section 701(a)(2) hereof; and

          (2)  moneys held in the Payments Account to the extent such
     amounts qualify as Available Moneys (except with respect to moneys
     paid on Bonds that are held by or for the Company, including without
     limitation, Bonds pledged to the Credit Facility Issuer, which moneys
     need not qualify as Available Moneys).

     (d)  Not later than 10:00 a.m. on the third (3rd) Business Day
preceding the date on which principal or redemption price of or interest on
the Bonds is due and payable (the "Payment Date"), the Trustee shall have
notified the Company and the Credit Facility Issuer of the amounts of
principal and interest due on the Bonds on the Payment Date.  Not later
than 11:00 a.m. on each Payment Date, the Trustee shall present a draft or
drafts under the Credit Facility in the amounts due and payable on the
Bonds.  Such funds shall be wired by the Bank to be deposited in the Credit
Facility Account and payments due under the Bonds shall be made by the
Trustee in accordance with Section 208 and Section 502(c) hereof. 
Following such payment to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall, on behalf of
the Company, promptly pay moneys on deposit in the Payments Account in an
amount equal to the amounts of such drawing or drawings to the Bank as
reimbursement to the Bank under the terms of the Reimbursement Agreement. 
If no amounts are owed by the Company to the Credit Facility Issuer under
the Reimbursement Agreement, any amounts remaining in the Payments Account
on the Business Day immediately following a Payment Date shall be paid to
the Company upon request with the consent of the Credit Facility Issuer.

     (e)  Except as provided in the following sentence, the Bond Fund shall
be depleted at least once each year, except for a reasonable carryover
amount (not to exceed the greater of one year's earnings on the Bond Fund
or one-twelfth (1/12th) of annual debt service).  Any money deposited in
the Bond Fund shall be spent within a thirteen (13) month period beginning
on the date of deposit, and any amount received from investment of money
held in the Bond Fund shall be spent within a one (1) year period beginning
on the date of receipt.  Any amounts remaining in the Bond Fund after
payment in full of the principal or redemption price of and interest on the
Bonds (or provisions for payment thereof) shall be paid to the Company at
the written request of the Company therefor or as otherwise required by
law; provided, that if any payments have been received by the Trustee from
the Credit Facility in connection with such payment of the Bonds, any
remaining amounts shall be paid to the Credit Facility Issuer to the extent
of such payments.

     Section 503.   Revenues to Be Held for All Bondholders; Certain
                    Exceptions.

     Revenues shall, until applied as provided in this Indenture, be held
by the Trustee in trust for the benefit of the owners of all Outstanding
Bonds, except that any portion of the Revenues representing principal or
redemption price of any Bonds, and interest on any Bonds previously matured
or called for redemption in accordance with Article VII of this Indenture,
shall be held for the benefit of the owners of such Bonds only.

     Section 504.   Rebate Fund.

     In the event that the Company provides for the deposit of amounts from
time to time for rebate to the United States of America pursuant to the
Sale Agreement, the Trustee is hereby authorized to create a special fund
to be designated as the Rebate Fund.  The Rebate Fund shall be held
separate and apart from all other funds under this Indenture and shall not
be subject to the lien and pledge granted hereunder for the benefit of
Bondholders.  The Trustee shall remit money deposited in the Rebate Fund to
the United States of America or otherwise as directed in writing by the
Company.  All moneys deposited in the Rebate Fund shall be held and
invested at the sole direction of the Company.  In making investments
hereunder, or in selling or disposing of investments as required hereby,
the Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to independently verify
compliance with Sections 148(d) and 148(f) of the Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder and the Trustee shall be fully protected in relying
solely upon the written directions of the Company as aforesaid.  Under no
circumstances whatsoever shall the Trustee be liable to the Issuer, the
Company or any holder for any loss of tax-exempt status of the Bonds, or
any claims, demands, damages, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses
resulting therefrom or in any way connected therewith, so long as the
Trustee acts only in accordance with the written directions of the Company
as provided hereunder.  The Trustee shall not be responsible for any losses
in the investment of money in the Rebate Fund made at the direction of the
Company.  


                                ARTICLE VI

                   DEPOSITARIES OF MONEYS, SECURITY FOR
           DEPOSITS AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS; THE CREDIT FACILITY

     Section 601.   Security for Deposits.

     All moneys deposited with the Trustee under the provisions of this
Indenture or the Sale Agreement shall be held in trust and applied only in
accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Sale Agreement and
shall not be subject to lien (other than the lien created hereby) or
attachment by any creditor of the Trustee, the Issuer or the Company.

     Section 602.   Investment of Moneys.

     (a)  At the request and the direction of the Company (confirmed in
writing), moneys held for the credit of the Bond Fund (including any amount
therein) shall be invested and reinvested by the Trustee in Investment
Obligations which shall mature not later than the respective dates when the
moneys held for the credit of said funds will be required for the purposes
intended, provided that moneys held in the Credit Facility Account of the
Bond Fund shall be invested and reinvested by the Trustee only in
Governmental Obligations which shall mature not later than the date on
which such moneys will be required to be paid; provided further that such
investment shall only be made at the direction of the Company. The Trustee
shall be entitled to rely on instruction from the Company.  In making
investments hereunder, or in selling or disposing of investments as
required hereby, the Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to
independently verify compliance with Sections 148(d) and 148(f) of the Code
and the regulations promulgated thereunder and the Trustee shall be fully
protected in relying solely upon the written directions of the Company as
aforesaid.  Under no circumstances whatsoever shall the Trustee be liable
to the Issuer, the Company or any holder for any loss of tax-exempt status
of the Bonds, or any claims, demands, damages, liabilities, losses, costs
or expenses resulting therefrom or in any way connected therewith, so long
as the Trustee acts only in accordance with the written directions of the
Company as provided hereunder.  

     (b)  Obligations so purchased as an investment of moneys in any such
fund or account shall be deemed at all times to be a part of such fund or
account, and the interest accruing thereon and any profit realized from
such investment shall be credited to such fund or account, and any loss
resulting from such investment shall be charged to such fund or account. 
The Trustee shall sell at market price or present for redemption any
obligation so purchased whenever it shall be necessary so to do in order to
provide cash to meet any payment or transfer from any such fund or account. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be liable or responsible for loss
resulting from any such investment or the sale of any such investment made
pursuant to the terms of this Section.

     (c)  For the purpose of the Trustee's determination of the amount on
deposit to the credit of any such fund or account, obligations in which
moneys in such fund or account have been invested shall be valued at the
lower of cost or market.

     (d)  The Trustee may make any and all investments permitted by this
Section through its own bond or investment department, unless otherwise
directed in writing by the Company Representative.

     Section 603.   The Credit Facility.

     (a)  Initial Letter of Credit.

          (1)  The Letter of Credit shall be a direct pay letter of credit
     and shall provide for direct payments to or upon the order of the
     Trustee as hereinafter set forth and shall be the irrevocable
     obligation of the Bank to pay to or upon the order of the Trustee,
     upon request and in accordance with the terms thereof, an amount of up
     to $7,875,000 of which (A) $7,500,000 shall support the payment of
     principal of the Bonds when due and that portion of the purchase price
     corresponding to principal of Tendered Bonds not remarketed on any
     Variable Rate Purchase Date or sold on the Conversion Date, and (B)
     $375,000 shall support the payment of up to one hundred twenty (120)
     days' interest at a maximum rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum on
     the Bonds when due and that portion of the purchase price
     corresponding to interest on Tendered Bonds not remarketed on any
     Variable Rate Purchase Date or sold on the Conversion Date.

          (2)  The Letter of Credit shall terminate automatically on the
     earliest of (A) the date on which a drawing under the Letter of Credit
     has been honored upon the maturity or acceleration of the Bonds or
     redemption of all the Bonds, (B) the day on which the Credit Facility
     Issuer receives the notice of the conversion following the Conversion
     Date, (C) the date on which the Bank receives notice from the Trustee
     that an Alternate Credit Facility is substituted for the Letter of
     Credit and is in effect, (D) the date on which the Bank receives
     notice from the Trustee that there are no longer any Bonds Outstanding
     and (E) the Stated Termination Date described in the Letter of Credit
     as it may be extended pursuant to the terms thereof.

          (3)  The Bank's obligation under the Letter of Credit may be
     reduced to the extent of any drawing thereunder, subject to
     reinstatement as provided therein.  The Letter of Credit shall provide
     that, with respect to a drawing by the Trustee solely to pay interest
     on the Bonds on any Interest Payment Date, if the Trustee shall not
     have received from the Bank within ten (10) days from the date of such
     drawing a notice by telecopier, by telex or in writing that the Bank
     has not been reimbursed, the Trustee's right to draw under the Letter
     of Credit with respect to the payment of interest shall be reinstated
     on or before the eleventh (11th) day following such drawing in an
     amount equal to such drawing.  With respect to any other drawing by
     the Trustee, the amount available under the Letter of Credit for
     payment of the purchase price of the Bonds and interest on the Bonds
     shall be reinstated in an amount equal to any such drawing but only to
     the extent that the Bank is reimbursed in accordance with the terms of
     the Reimbursement Agreement for the amounts so drawn.

          (4)  The Letter of Credit shall provide that if, in accordance
     with the terms of the Indenture, the Bonds shall become or be declared
     immediately due and payable pursuant to any provision of the
     Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to draw on the Letter of
     Credit to the extent that the amounts are available thereunder to pay
     the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding plus an
     amount of interest not to exceed one hundred twenty (120) days.

          (5)  Upon the termination of the Letter of Credit, the Trustee
     shall return the Letter of Credit to the Bank.

     (b)  Expiration.  Unless an Alternate Credit Facility has been
provided in accordance with Section 603(c) hereof at least thirty (30) days
before the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the fourteenth
(14th) day prior to the expiration date of a Credit Facility, the Trustee
shall call the Bonds for redemption in accordance with the Section
701(c)(2) hereof.  If at any time there shall cease to be any Bonds
Outstanding hereunder, the Trustee shall promptly surrender the then
current Credit Facility to the Credit Facility Issuer for cancellation. 
The Trustee shall comply with the procedures set forth in the Credit
Facility relating to the termination thereof.

     (c)  Alternate Credit Facilities.  While the Bonds bear interest at
the Variable Rate, the Company may, at its option, provide for the delivery
to the Trustee of an Alternate Credit Facility.  The Alternate Credit
Facility shall have terms in all respects material to the owners of the
Bonds the same as the Credit Facility being replaced and shall be in form
acceptable to the Trustee and the Tender Agent.  On or prior to the date of
delivery of an Alternate Credit Facility to the Trustee, the Company shall
furnish to the Trustee:

          (1)  an opinion of Counsel stating that the delivery of such
     Alternate Credit Facility to the Trustee is authorized under this
     Indenture and complies with the terms hereof and that such Alternate
     Credit Facility is enforceable against the Credit Facility Issuer
     thereof in accordance with its terms, and

          (2)  if the Bonds are rated by Moody's or S&P, written evidence
     (or such other evidence satisfactory to the Trustee) from Moody's, if
     the Bonds are rated by Moody's, and from S&P, if the Bonds are rated
     by S&P, in each case to the effect that such rating agency has
     reviewed the proposed Alternate Credit Facility and that the
     substitution of the proposed Alternate Credit Facility for the then
     current Credit Facility will not, by itself, result in:

               (A)  a permanent withdrawal of its rating of the Bonds, or

               (B)  a reduction of the then current rating of the Bonds,

     or if the Bonds are not rated by Moody's or S&P, written evidence (or
     such other evidence satisfactory to the Trustee in its sole
     discretion) that obligations substantially equivalent in term to the
     term of the proposed Alternate Letter of Credit of the bank or
     institution issuing the proposed Alternate Credit Facility are rated
     by Moody's or S&P in the same category as the obligations of
     substantially equivalent term of the bank or institution which issued
     the Credit Facility being replaced; provided, however, if the Company
     provides the Trustee with an opinion of Bond Counsel that a change in
     the then current rating on the Bonds or a change in the Credit
     Facility Issuer to a bank or institution the obligations of which are
     rated in a different category than those obligations of equivalent
     term of the issuer of the Credit Facility being replaced will not
     adversely affect the exclusion of the interest on the Bonds from gross
     income from federal tax purposes, then such evidence need not be
     provided, but the Company shall instead provide the Trustee with
     written evidence (or such other evidence as shall be satisfactory to
     the Trustee) that the commercial paper of the bank or institution
     issuing the proposed Alternate Credit Facility is rated P-3 or higher
     by Moody's or A-3 or higher by S&P.  

The Trustee shall then accept such Alternate Credit Facility and surrender
the previously held Credit Facility to the previous Credit Facility Issuer
for cancellation promptly on or before the fifteenth (15th) day after the
Alternate Credit Facility becomes effective, but not later than the
fifteenth (15th) day following the last Interest Payment Date covered by
the Credit Facility to be cancelled.

     (d)  Notices of Substitution or Replacement of Credit Facility.

          (1)  The Trustee shall, at least twenty (20) days prior to the
     proposed replacement of a Credit Facility with an Alternate Credit
     Facility, give notice thereof by mail to the owners of the Bonds,
     which notice shall include the identity of the issuer thereof and the
     rating, if any, to be assigned to the Bonds by Moody's or S&P
     following the effective date of such Alternate Credit Facility or, if
     the Bonds are not then rated by Moody's or S&P, then the rating
     assigned by Moody's or S&P to the obligations substantially equivalent
     in term to the term of the proposed Alternate Credit Facility of the
     Issuer of such Alternate Credit Facility.  

          (2)  The Trustee shall promptly give notice of any replacement of
     the Credit Facility to the Issuer, the Tender Agent and the
     Remarketing Agent.


                                ARTICLE VII

                    REDEMPTION OR PURCHASE OF THE BONDS

     Section 701.   Redemption or Purchase Dates and Prices.

     The Bonds shall be subject to redemption, and, in certain instances,
to purchase, prior to maturity in the amounts, at the times and in the
manner provided in this Article VII.  Payments of the redemption price or
the purchase price of any Bond shall be made only upon the surrender to the
Trustee or its agent, as directed, of any Bond so redeemed or purchased.

     (a)  Optional Redemption

          (1)  Optional Redemption During Variable Rate Period.  While the
     Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, the Bonds shall be subject
     to redemption, upon the written direction of the Issuer, given at the
     request of the Company, on any Interest Payment Date and on the
     Conversion Date in whole or in part, at a redemption price of one
     hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof, without
     premium, plus interest accrued to the redemption date.

          (2)  Optional Redemption With Premium During Fixed Rate Period. 
     While the Bonds bear interest at the Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall be
     subject to redemption upon the written direction of the Issuer, given
     at the request of the Company, in whole or in part, on any Interest
     Payment Date occurring on or after the dates set forth below, at the
     redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount to be
     redeemed) set forth below plus interest accrued to the redemption date
     as follows:

          Commencement of
          Redemption Period             Redemption Price

          The Business Day four         103% declining by 1/2% on each
          (4) years from the            succeeding anniversary of the first
          Conversion Date               day of the redemption period until
                                        reaching 100% and thereafter at
                                        100%

     (b)  Extraordinary Optional Redemption Due to Casualty or Eminent
     Domain.

          (1)  The Bonds may be redeemed as a whole or in part by the
     Issuer at any time at the written direction of the Company, at a
     redemption price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal
     amount thereof plus interest accrued thereon to the redemption date,
     without premium, under any of the following conditions, the existence
     of which shall be certified to the Trustee by the Company
     Representative:

               (A)  The Project shall have been damaged or destroyed to
          such extent that the amount of Net Proceeds of insurance exceeds
          $500,000 and the Company elects not to rebuild the Project or
          fails to so elect within ninety (90) days of receipt by the
          Trustee of such Net Proceeds; or

               (B)  Title to, or the temporary use of, all of the Project
          or any substantial portion thereof shall have been taken by
          Eminent Domain and the amount of Net Proceeds from such taking
          exceeds $500,000 and the Company elects not to replace the
          property so taken or fails so to elect within ninety (90) days of
          receipt by the Trustee of such Net Proceeds.

          (2)  Such redemption shall occur on the next Interest Payment
     Date occurring not less than thirty (30) days following the expiration
     of such 90-day period referred to in paragraph (1) of this Section
     701(b).

     (c)  Mandatory Redemption.

          (1)  Determination of Taxability.  The Bonds shall be subject to
     mandatory redemption in whole on any date at a redemption price equal
     to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus
     accrued interest to the redemption date which shall not be more than
     one hundred eighty (180) days following the receipt by the Trustee of
     a written notice of a Determination of Taxability.

          (2)  Failure to Provide Alternate Credit Facility.  The Bonds
     shall be subject to mandatory redemption during the Variable Rate
     Period at one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof,
     without premium, plus interest accrued, if any, thereon to the date of
     redemption, on the Interest Payment Date occurring closest to but not
     after fifteen (15) days prior to the date of expiration of the then
     current Credit Facility, unless an Alternate Credit Facility has been
     provided in accordance with Article VI hereof.

     (d)  Mandatory Purchase on Conversion Date.  The Bonds shall be
subject to mandatory purchase in whole on the Conversion Date at a purchase
price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof,
without premium, plus interest accrued, if any, thereon to the date of
purchase, on the Conversion Date.

     Section 702.   Company to Direct Optional Redemption.

     The Issuer shall direct the Trustee in writing to call Bonds for
optional redemption when and only when it shall have been notified by the
Company to do so and the Company has notified the Trustee in writing that
the Company has made or intends to make a corresponding prepayment under
the Note.  Such direction from the Issuer to the Trustee shall be given at
least forty-five (45) days but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the
redemption date or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to the
Trustee.  So long as a Credit Facility is then held by the Trustee, the
Trustee shall only call Bonds for optional redemption if it has Available
Moneys in the Payments Account of the Bond Fund or has been notified by the
Credit Facility Issuer that it will receive moneys pursuant to the Credit
Facility, in the aggregate, sufficient to pay the redemption price of the
Bonds to be called for redemption, plus accrued interest thereon.

     Section 703.   Selection of Bonds to be Called for Redemption.

     Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Bonds, if less than all
the Bonds are to be redeemed, the particular Bonds to be called for
redemption shall be selected in the following order of priority: first,
Bonds pledged to the Bank pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, second, Bonds
owned by the Company and third, Bonds selected by any random or other
method determined by the Trustee in its sole discretion to be fair and
reasonable.  The Trustee shall treat any Bond of a denomination greater
than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) as representing that number of
separate Bonds each of the denomination of the minimum denomination of One
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or any integral multiple of Five
Thousand Dollars ($5,000) in excess thereof as the Trustee shall so
determine.

     Section 704.   Notice of Redemption or Purchase.

     (a)  When required to redeem or purchase Bonds under any provision of
this Article VII, or when directed to do so by the Issuer, the Trustee
shall cause notice of the redemption or purchase to be given not more than
sixty (60) days and not less than twenty (20) days prior to the redemption
or purchase date by mailing a copy of all notices of redemption or purchase
by first class mail, postage prepaid, to all registered owners of Bonds to
be redeemed or purchased at their addresses shown on the Bond Register. 
Failure to mail any such notice or defect in the mailing thereof in respect
of any Bond shall not affect the validity of the redemption or purchase of
any other Bond.  Notices of redemption or purchases shall also be mailed to
the Remarketing Agency and the Credit Facility Issuer, if any.  Any such
notice shall be given in the name of the Issuer, shall identify the Bonds
to be redeemed or purchased (and, in the case of partial redemption or
purchase of any Bonds, the respective principal amounts thereof to be
redeemed or purchased), shall specify the redemption or purchase date, and
shall state that on the redemption or purchase date, the redemption or
purchase price of the Bonds called for redemption or purchase will be
payable at the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee, or in the
case of mandatory redemptions or purchases pursuant to Section 701(c)(2) or
701(d) hereof at the office of the Trustee's Paying Agent, if any, and that
from that date interest will cease to accrue.  The Trustee may use "CUSIP"
numbers in notices of redemption or purchase as a convenience to
Bondholders, provided that any such notice shall state that no
representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as
printed on the Bonds or as contained in any notice of redemption or
purchase and that reliance may be placed only on the identification numbers
containing the prefix established under the Indenture.

     (b)  With respect to any notice of redemption or purchase of Bonds in
accordance with Section 701(c)(2) hereof, such notice shall also specify
the date of the expiration of the term of the Credit Facility.

     (c)  After the Conversion Date, if at the time of mailing of notice of
any optional redemption the Issuer shall not have deposited with the
Trustee moneys sufficient to redeem all the Bonds called for redemption,
such notice may state that it is conditional on the deposit of Available
Moneys with the Trustee not later than the redemption date, and such notice
shall be of no effect unless such moneys are so deposited.

     (d)  Upon redemption of less than all of the Bonds, the Trustee shall
furnish to the Credit Facility Issuer a notice in the form specified by the
Credit Facility Issuer to reduce the coverage provided by the Credit
Facility and upon redemption of all of the Bonds, the Trustee shall
surrender the Credit Facility to the Credit Facility Issuer for
cancellation.

     (e)  Purchases under Section 701(d) hereof shall be in accordance with
Section 202(e) hereof.

     Section 705.   Bonds Redeemed or Purchased in Part.

     Any Bond which is to be redeemed or purchased only in part shall be
surrendered at a place stated in the notice provided for in Section 704
hereof (with due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in
form satisfactory to the Trustee duly executed by, the owner thereof or his
attorney duly authorized in writing) and the Issuer shall execute and the
Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall authenticate and deliver to the
owner of such Bond without service charge, a new Bond or Bonds, of any
authorized denomination as requested by such owner in an aggregate
principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed and
unpurchased portion of the principal of the Bond so surrendered.


                               ARTICLE VIII

                    PARTICULAR COVENANTS AND PROVISIONS

     Section 801.   Covenant to Pay the Bonds; Bonds Limited Obligations of
                    the Issuer.

     (a)  The Issuer covenants that it will promptly pay the principal of
and interest on and other amounts payable under the Bonds at the places, on
the dates and in the manner provided herein and in the Bonds according to
the true intent and meaning thereof.  Such principal and interest and other
amounts are payable solely from the payments made by the Company on the
Note and other Revenues.

     (b)  The Issuer shall not in any event be liable for the payment of
the principal of or interest on the Bonds, or for the performance of any
pledge, mortgage, obligation or agreement of any kind whatsoever which may
be undertaken by the Issuer, and neither the Bonds nor any of the
agreements or obligations of the Issuer shall be construed to constitute an
indebtedness of the Issuer within the meaning of any constitutional or
statutory provision whatsoever.  The Bonds and the interest thereon shall
never constitute an indebtedness or a charge against the general credit of
the Issuer within the meaning of any constitutional provision or statutory
limitation and shall never constitute nor give rise to any pecuniary
liability of the Issuer, but shall be limited obligations of the Issuer
payable solely from the revenues and other funds pledged therefor and shall
not be payable from any other assets or funds of the Issuer, and neither
the faith and credit nor the taxing power of the State or any political
subdivision or any agency thereof is pledged to the payment of the
principal of or the interest on the Bonds.

     Section 802.   Covenants to Perform Obligations Under this Indenture.

     The Issuer covenants that it will faithfully perform at all times any
and all covenants, undertakings, stipulations and provisions contained in
this Indenture, in the Bonds executed and delivered hereunder and in all
proceedings of the Issuer pertaining thereto and will faithfully observe
and perform at all times any and all covenants, undertakings, stipulations
and provisions of the Sale Agreement on its part to be observed or
performed.  The Issuer covenants that it is duly authorized under the
Constitution and laws of the State, including particularly and without
limitation the Act, to issue the Bonds authorized hereby and to enter into
this Indenture, to endorse the Note to the Trustee, to pledge the payments
on the Note and other Revenues in the manner and to the extent herein set
forth, and to assign its interest in the Note and the Sale Agreement to the
Trustee; and that all action on its part for the issuance of the Bonds
issued hereunder and the execution and delivery of this Indenture has been
duly and effectively taken; and that the Bonds in the hands of the owners
thereof are and will be the valid and binding obligations of the Issuer
according to the tenor and import thereof.

     Section 803.   Covenant to Perform Obligations Under the Sale
                    Agreement.

     Subject to the provisions of Section 804 of this Article, the Issuer
covenants and agrees that it will not suffer, permit or take any action or
do anything or fail to take any action or fail to do anything which may
result in the termination or cancellation of the Sale Agreement so long as
any Bond is Outstanding; that it will punctually fulfill its obligations
and will require the Company to perform punctually its duties and
obligations under the Sale Agreement; that it will not execute or agree to
any change, amendment or modification of or supplement to the Sale
Agreement or this Indenture except by a supplement or an amendment duly
executed by the Issuer and the Company with the approval of the Trustee and
upon the further terms and conditions set forth in Article XIII of this
Indenture; that it will not agree to any abatement, reduction, abrogation,
waiver, diminution or other modification in any manner or to any extent
whatsoever of the obligation of the Company to pay the Note and to meet its
other obligations as provided in the Sale Agreement; and that it will
promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any actual or alleged Event of
Default under the Sale Agreement, whether by the Company or the Issuer, and
will further notify the Trustee at least thirty (30) days before the
proposed date of effectiveness of any proposed termination or cancellation
of the Sale Agreement.

     Section 804.   Trustee May Enforce the Issuer's Rights Under the Sale
                    Agreement.

     The Sale Agreement, a duly executed counterpart of which has been
filed with the Trustee, sets forth the covenants and obligations of the
Issuer and the Company, including a provision in Section 12.9 thereof that
subsequent to the issuance of the Bonds and prior to Payment of the Bonds
(as defined in the Sale Agreement) the Sale Agreement and the Note may not
be effectively amended, changed, modified, altered or terminated except as
provided in Article XIII of this Indenture, and reference is hereby made to
the Sale Agreement for a detailed statement of said covenants and
obligations of the Company under the Sale Agreement, and the Issuer agrees
that the Trustee, subject to the provisions of the Sale Agreement and this
Indenture reserving certain rights to the Issuer and respecting actions by
the Trustee in its name or in the name of the Issuer, may enforce all
rights of the Issuer and all obligations of the Company under and pursuant
to the Sale Agreement for and on behalf of the Bondholders whether or not
the Issuer is in default hereunder.

     Section 805.   Covenant Against Arbitrage.

     The Issuer covenants and agrees that it will not make or authorize any
use, and directs the Trustee not to make or permit any use, of the proceeds
of the Bonds which would cause any Bond to be an "arbitrage bond" within
the meaning of Section 148 of the Code and the applicable regulations
promulgated from time to time thereunder, and further covenants that it
will observe and not violate the requirements of Section 148 of the Code
and any such applicable regulations to the extent necessary so that the
interest on the Bonds will not cease to be excluded from the gross income
of the recipients thereof for federal income tax purposes by reason of such
use of proceeds; provided that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be
liable for any investment of moneys under this Indenture made at the
direction of the Company Representative.

     Section 806.   Inspection of the Bond Register.

     At reasonable times and upon reasonable regulations established by the
Bond Registrar, the Bond Register may be inspected and copied by and at the
expense of the Company or any Bondholder.

     Section 807.   Priority of Pledge and Security Interest.

     The pledge herein made of the Trust Estate and the security interest
created herein with respect thereto constitutes a first and prior pledge
of, and a security interest in, the Trust Estate.  Said pledge and security
interest shall at no time be impaired directly or indirectly by the Issuer
or the Trustee, and the Trust Estate shall not otherwise be pledged and,
except as provided herein and in the Sale Agreement, no persons shall have
any rights with respect thereto.

     Section 808.   Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds.

     Reference is hereby made to Sections 6.4 and 6.5 of the Sale Agreement
whereunder it is provided that under certain circumstances the respective
Net Proceeds of insurance and condemnation awards (or Net Proceeds from a
sale in lieu of condemnation) are to be paid to the Trustee and deposited
in separate trust accounts (but not in the Bond Fund) and to be disbursed
and paid out as therein provided.  The Trustee hereby accepts and agrees to
perform the duties and obligations as therein specified.  


                                ARTICLE IX

                           DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

     Section 901.   Defaults.

     Each of the following events is hereby declared to be an "Event of
Default":

     (a)  Payment of interest on any of the Bonds shall not be made when
the same shall become due; or

     (b)  Payment of the principal or redemption price of any of the Bonds
shall not be made when the same shall become due, whether at maturity or
upon call for redemption or otherwise; or

     (c)  An "Event of Default" under the Sale Agreement shall have
occurred and not have been waived; or

     (d)  The Trustee receives written notice from the Credit Facility
Issuer that an Event of Default under the Reimbursement Agreement has
occurred and has not been waived; or

     (e)  The Trustee receives notice by telecopier, by telex or in writing
from the Credit Facility Issuer that the Credit Facility Issuer has not
been reimbursed for a drawing thereon on or before the close of business on
the tenth (10th) calendar day following a drawing under such Credit
Facility to pay interest on the Bonds and that the interest portion of the
Letter of Credit will not be reinstated for the amount so drawn; or

     (f)  Payment of the purchase price of any Bond tendered pursuant to
Section 203 hereof is not made when payment is due; or

     (g)  The Issuer shall fail to duly and punctually perform any of the
covenants, conditions, agreements and provisions contained in the Bonds or
in this Indenture on the part of the Issuer to be performed other than as
referred to in the preceding subsections of this Section;

provided, however, that no failure specified in subsections (c) or (g) of
this Section 901 shall constitute an Event of Default until written notice
specifying such failure and requiring the same to be remedied shall have
been given to the Company and the Issuer by the Trustee, which may give
notice in its discretion and shall give such notice at the written
direction of the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
aggregate principal amount of Bonds Outstanding, and the Company and the
Issuer shall have had thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to
correct said failure and shall not have corrected said failure within the
applicable period.

     Section 902.   Acceleration and Annulment Thereof.

     (a)  Subject to the requirement that the consent of the Credit
Facility Issuer to any acceleration must be obtained in the case of an
Event of Default described in subsections (c) or (g) of Section 901 hereof,
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee may, and upon (1)
the written request of the Credit Facility Issuer, or (2) the occurrence of
an Event of Default described in subsection (a), (b), (d), (e) or (f) of
Section 901 hereof, the Trustee shall, by notice to the Issuer, declare the
entire unpaid principal of and interest on the Bonds due and payable; and
upon such declaration, the said principal, together with interest accrued
thereon, shall become payable immediately, without penalty or premium, at
the place of payment provided therein, anything in the Indenture or in the
Bonds to the contrary notwithstanding.  The Trustee shall not be permitted
to request receipt of indemnity to its satisfaction prior to such
declaration of acceleration.  Upon the occurrence of any acceleration
hereunder, the Trustee shall immediately exercise such rights as it may
have as the owner of the Note to declare all payments thereunder to be due
and payable immediately, and to the extent it has not already done so,
shall immediately draw upon the Credit Facility to the extent permitted by
the terms thereof.  Interest on the Bonds shall cease to accrue upon
receipt by the Trustee of funds drawn under the Credit Facility.

     (b)  Immediately after any acceleration because of the occurrence of
an Event of Default under Sections 901(a), (b), (d), (e), (f) or (g), the
Trustee shall (immediately, and in no event within two Business Days
thereafter) notify in writing the Issuer, the Company and the Credit
Facility Issuer of the occurrence of such acceleration.  Within five (5)
days of the occurrence of any acceleration hereunder, the Trustee shall
notify by first class mail, postage prepaid, the owners of all Bonds
Outstanding of the occurrence of such acceleration.

     (c)  If, after the principal of the Bonds has become due and payable,
all arrears of interest upon the Bonds are paid by the Issuer, and the
Issuer also performs all other things in respect to which it may have been
in default hereunder and pays the reasonable charges of the Trustee and the
Bondholders, including reasonable attorneys' fees, then, and in every such
case, the Credit Facility Issuer or a Majority of the Bondholders by
written notice to the Issuer and to the Trustee, may annul such
acceleration and its consequences, and such annulment shall be binding upon
the Trustee and upon all owners of Bonds issued hereunder; provided,
however, that the Trustee shall not annul any declaration without the
written consent of the Credit Facility Issuer unless such acceleration has
resulted from the failure of the Credit Facility Issuer to honor a proper
draw for payment under the Credit Facility.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Trustee shall not annul any acceleration which has resulted from an
Event of Default which has resulted in a drawing under the Credit Facility
under Section 901(e) hereof unless the Credit Facility has been reinstated
in accordance with its terms to an amount equal to the principal amount of
the Bonds Outstanding plus one hundred twenty (120) days' interest accrued
thereon, and the Trustee has received written notice of such reinstatement
from the Credit Facility Issuer.  The Trustee shall forward a copy of any
notice from Bondholders received by it pursuant to this paragraph to the
Company.  Immediately upon such annulment, the Trustee shall cancel, by
notice to the Company, any demand for payment of the Note made by the
Trustee pursuant to this Section 902.

     Section 903.   Other Remedies.

     If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, before
or after the principal of the Bonds becomes immediately due and payable,
may enforce each and every right granted to it as the owner of the Note and
under the Sale Agreement and any supplements or amendments thereto.  In
exercising such rights and the rights given the Trustee under this
Article IX, the Trustee shall take such action as, in the judgment of the
Trustee applying the standards described in Section 1001 hereof, would best
serve the interests of the Bondholders.

     Section 904.   Legal Proceedings by the Trustee.

     (a)  If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee in its discretion may, and upon the written request of the Credit
Facility Issuer or the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds and receipt of
indemnity to its satisfaction shall, in its own name:

          (1)  By mandamus, or other suit, action or proceeding at law or
     in equity, enforce all rights of the Bondholders hereunder;

          (2)  Bring suit upon the Bonds, the Credit Facility (but only to
     the extent the Credit Facility Issuer shall have wrongfully dishonored
     drawings made in strict conformity with the terms hereof) and the
     Note; and

          (3)  By action or suit in equity seek to enjoin any acts or
     things which may be unlawful or in violation of the rights of the
     Bondholders.

     (b)  If an Event of Default under Section 901(c) occurs and is
continuing, the Trustee in its discretion may, and upon the written request
of the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in aggregate
principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds and receipt of indemnity to its
satisfaction shall, enforce each and every right granted to it under the
Sale Agreement or as owner of the Note.  

     Section 905.   Discontinuance of Proceedings by the Trustee.

     If any proceeding commenced by the Trustee on account of any Event of
Default is discontinued or is determined adversely to the Trustee, then the
Company, the Credit Facility Issuer, the Issuer, the Trustee and the
Bondholders shall be restored to their former positions and rights
hereunder as though no proceedings had been commenced.

     Section 906.   Credit Facility Issuer or Bondholders May Direct
                    Proceedings.

     Anything to the contrary in this Indenture notwithstanding, either the
Credit Facility Issuer if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no default
has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility), or a Majority of
the Bondholders, if there is no Credit Facility in effect, shall have the
right, after furnishing indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, to direct
the method and place of conducting all remedial proceedings by the Trustee
hereunder, provided that such direction shall not be in conflict with any
rule of law or with this Indenture or unduly prejudice the rights of
minority Bondholders.

     Section 907.   Limitations on Actions by the Bondholders.

     (a)  No Bondholder shall have any right to bring suit on the Credit
Facility.  No Bondholder shall have any right to pursue any other remedy
hereunder unless:

          (1)  the Trustee shall have been given written notice of an Event
     of Default;

          (2)  the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
     aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds shall have
     requested the Trustee, in writing, to exercise the powers hereinabove
     granted or to pursue such remedy in its or their name or names;

          (3)  the Trustee shall have been offered indemnity satisfactory
     to it against costs, expenses and liabilities, except that no offer of
     indemnification shall be required for a declaration of acceleration
     under Section 902 hereof or for a drawing under the Credit Facility; 

          (4)  the Trustee shall have failed to comply with such request
     within a reasonable time; and 

          (5)  prior to the Conversion Date, the Credit Facility Issuer has
     failed to honor a proper draw request under the Credit Facility.

     (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subsection (a) of
this Section 907 or any other provision of this Indenture, the obligation
of the Issuer shall be absolute and unconditional to pay hereunder, but
solely from the Revenues and other funds pledged under this Indenture, the
principal or redemption price of, and interest on, the Bonds to the
respective owners thereof on the respective due dates thereof, and nothing
herein shall affect or impair the right of action, which is absolute and
unconditional, of such owners to enforce such payment.

     Section 908.   Trustee May Enforce Rights Without Possession of the
                    Bonds.

     All rights under this Indenture and the Bonds may be enforced by the
Trustee without the possession of any Bonds or the production thereof at
the trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any proceedings
instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its name for the ratable
benefit of the owners of the Bonds.

     Section 909.   Remedies Not Exclusive.

     No remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other
remedy or remedies, and each remedy is in addition to every other remedy
given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute.

     Section 910.   Delays and Omissions Not to Impair Rights.

     No delays or omission in respect of exercising any right or power
accruing upon any default shall impair such right or power or be a waiver
of such default, and every remedy given by this Article IX may be exercised
from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.

     Section 911.   Application of Moneys in the Event of Default.

     (a)  Any moneys received by the Trustee under this Article IX shall be
applied in the following order; provided that any moneys received by the
Trustee from a drawing under the Credit Facility shall be applied to the
extent permitted by the terms thereof only as provided in paragraph (3)
below with respect to the principal of, and interest accrued on, Bonds
other than Bonds held by or for the Company:

          (1)  To the payment of the reasonable costs of the Trustee,
     including counsel fees and any disbursements of the Trustee with
     interest thereon at the per annum rate equal to the "Prime" or "Base"
     rate of the Credit Facility Issuer; and

          (2)  To the payment of reasonable costs and expenses of the
     Issuer, including counsel fees, incurred in connection with the Event
     of Default; and

          (3)  To the payment of principal or redemption price (as the case
     may be) and interest on the Bonds, and in case such moneys shall be
     insufficient to pay the same in full, then to payment of principal or
     redemption price and interest ratably, without preference or priority
     of one over another or of any installment of interest over any other
     installment of interest.

     (b)  The surplus, if any, shall be paid to the Company or the person
lawfully entitled to receive the same as a court of competent jurisdiction
may direct; provided that, if the Trustee has received payments on the
Credit Facility following the Event of Default, the surplus shall be paid
to the Credit Facility Issuer to the extent of such payments to the extent
the Credit Facility Issuer has not been reimbursed for such payments and
its fees and expenses related thereto.

     Section 912.   Trustee and Bondholders Entitled to All Remedies Under
                    the Act.

     It is the purpose of this Article IX to provide such remedies to the
Trustee and the Bondholders as may be lawfully granted under the provisions
of the Act, but should any remedy herein granted be held unlawful, the
Trustee and the Bondholders shall nevertheless be entitled to every remedy
provided by the Act.  It is further intended that, insofar as lawfully
possible, the provisions of this Article shall apply to and be binding upon
any trustee or receiver appointed under applicable law.

     Section 913.   Trustee May File Claim in Bankruptcy.

     (a)  In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
composition or other similar judicial proceeding relating to the Issuer,
the Company or any other obligor upon the Sale Agreement or the Bonds or to
property of the Issuer, the Company, or such other obligor or the creditors
of any of them, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the
Bonds shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration
or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any
demand on the Company for the payment on the Note of an amount equal to
overdue principal or interest or additional interest) shall be entitled and
empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise;

          (1)  to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal
     and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Bonds and to file such
     other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to
     have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable
     compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
     agents and counsel) and of the Bondholders allowed in such judicial
     proceeding; and

          (2)  to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable
     or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator (or other
similar official) in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
the Bondholders to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that
the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the
Bondholders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 911
hereof.

     (b)  Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee
to authorize or consent to or accept, or adopt on behalf of the
Bondholders, any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or
composition affecting the Bonds or the rights of any Bondholder thereof, or
to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of the Bondholders
in any such proceeding.

     (c)  All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to any right given or
action taken under this Indenture shall, after payment of the costs and
expenses of the proceedings resulting in the collection of such moneys and
the fees and expenses of the Trustee, be deposited in the Bond Fund and
applied to the payment of the principal of, redemption premium, if any, and
interest then due and unpaid on the Bonds in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture.

     Section 914.   Receiver.

     Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and upon the filing of a
suit or other commencement of judicial proceedings to enforce the rights of
the Trustee and of the Bondholders under this Indenture, the Trustee shall
be entitled, as a matter of right, to the appointment of a receiver or
receivers of the amounts payable on the Note or otherwise under the Sale
Agreement and assigned to the Trustee under this Indenture pending such
proceedings, with such powers as the court making such appointment shall
confer, whether or not any such amounts payable shall be deemed sufficient
ultimately to satisfy the Bonds.


                                 ARTICLE X

                          CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

     Section 1001.  Acceptance of the Trusts.

     The Trustee hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer (for the
benefit of the Company and the Bondholders as well as the Issuer) that it
is a national banking association and that it is duly authorized under the
laws of the United States of America to accept and execute trusts of the
character herein set out.

     The Trustee accepts and agrees to execute the trusts imposed upon it
by this Indenture, but only upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Article and subject to the provisions of this Indenture including the
following express terms and conditions, to all of which the parties hereto
and the Bondholders agree:

     (a)  Except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee
undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically
set forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants or obligations shall
be read into this Indenture against the Trustee.

     (b)  In case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this
Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as
a prudent man would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct
of his own affairs.

     (c)  The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereof and
perform any of its duties by or through attorneys, agents, receivers or
employees and it shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence
of any such attorney, agent or receiver appointed by it upon due care, and
shall be entitled to act upon the opinion or advice of its counsel
concerning all matters of trust hereof and the duties hereunder, and may in
all cases be reimbursed hereunder for reasonable compensation paid to all
such attorneys, agents, receivers and employees as may reasonably be
employed in connection with the trust hereof.  The Trustee may conclusively
rely upon an opinion of counsel and shall not be responsible for any loss
or damage resulting from any action or non-action by it taken or omitted to
be taken in good faith in reliance upon such opinion of counsel.

     (d)  Except as is specifically provided in Section 1019 with respect
to the filing of continuation statements, the Trustee shall not be
responsible for any recital herein, or in the Bonds (except in respect to
the authentication certificate of the Trustee endorsed on the Bonds), or
for insuring the Trust Estate or any part of the Project or collecting any
insurance moneys, or for the validity of the execution hereof by the Issuer
or of any supplements hereto or instruments of further assurance, or for
the sufficiency of the security for the Bonds; and the Trustee shall not be
bound to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any
agreements or conditions on the part of the Issuer or on the part of the
Company under the Sale Agreement, except as hereinafter set forth; but the
Trustee may require of the Issuer or the Company full information and
advice as to the performance of the agreements and conditions aforesaid and
as to the condition of the Trust Estate.

     (e)  The Trustee shall not be liable in connection with the
performance or non-performance of its duties under this Indenture except
for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to
act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:

          (1)  this subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect
     of subsection (a) of this Section 1001;

          (2)  The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment
     made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee
     unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in
     ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

          (3)  The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action
     taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with
     the direction of a Majority of the Bondholders relating to the time,
     method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
     to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the
     Trustee under this Indenture.

     (f)  Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of
this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee, including without
limitation Sections 1003 and 1004 hereof, shall be subject to the
provisions of this Section 1001.

     Section 1002.  Trustee to Give Notice.

     (a)  The Trustee shall not be required to take notice or be deemed to
have notice of any default hereunder, except failure by the Issuer to cause
to be made any of the payments to the Trustee required to be made by
Article V or failure by the Issuer or the Company to file with the Trustee
any document required by this Indenture or the Sale Agreement to be so
filed, unless the Trustee shall be notified of such default by the Issuer
or by the holders of 25% in aggregate principal amount of Bonds then
Outstanding or unless a responsible corporate trust officer of the Trustee
charged with the responsibility for the management of the trusts conferred
by this Indenture shall have actual knowledge of such default.  

     (b)  If a responsible trust officer of the Trustee charged with the
responsibility for the management of the trusts conferred by this Indenture
shall have actual knowledge of any Event of Default continuing hereunder,
the Trustee shall give to all Bondholders and to the Credit Facility Issuer
written notice of all such defaults within thirty (30) days after receipt
of such information.  

     (c)  Promptly upon receipt of notice of the occurrence of a
Determination of Taxability, the Trustee shall give notice thereof to the
Company, the Issuer, the Bondholders and former Bondholders and to the
Credit Facility Issuer.

     Section 1003.  Trustee Entitled to Indemnity.

     (a)  The Company shall indemnify the Trustee its officers, directors
and employees against any loss, liability or expense incurred by it arising
out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties
under this Indenture, except as set forth in subsection (b) below.  The
Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may
seek indemnity.  Except where the Company is the claimant, the Company
shall have full and sole right to defend the claim, and the Trustee shall
cooperate in the defense.  If the Trustee engages separate counsel, the
Trustee shall pay all fees and expenses of such counsel and the Company
shall no longer have the obligation to indemnify the Trustee; provided,
however that the Trustee shall have the right to retain separate counsel,
with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if representation of
the Trustee would be inappropriate due to an actual conflict of interest,
as reasonably determined by either party, between the Trustee and the
Company.  The Company shall not be responsible for any settlement reached
without the Company's consent.

     (b)  The Company shall not be obligated to reimburse any expense or to
indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee through its
gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.

     (c)  To secure the Company's payment obligations in this Section, the
Trustee shall have a lien prior to the lien of the Trustee for the benefit
of the owners of the Bonds on all money or property held or collected by
the Trustee, except for amounts drawn under the Credit Facility [and money
and property held in the Rebate Fund], as to which the Trustee shall have
no such lien.  Such obligations shall survive the satisfaction and
discharge of this Indenture.

     (d)  When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an
Event of Default, the expenses and compensation for the services are
intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable
bankruptcy law.

     (e)  The Trustee may begin suit, or appear in and defend suit, or do
anything else in its judgment proper to be done by it as such Trustee,
without indemnity under paragraph (a) above, and in such case the Issuer
shall reimburse the Trustee from funds available therefor under the Sale
Agreement for all costs and expenses, outlays and counsel fees and other
reasonable disbursements properly incurred in connection therewith;
provided, however, that the Trustee shall:

          (1)  make all payments hereunder of principal and redemption
     price of and interest on the Bonds and of the purchase price of Bonds
     tendered at the option of the owners thereof or purchased by the
     Company in lieu of redemption,

          (2)  accelerate the Bonds when required to do so hereunder other
     than at the direction of the Bondholders, and

          (3)  draw on the Credit Facility when required to do so
     hereunder,

each without the necessity of the Bondholders providing security or
indemnity to the Trustee.  If the Issuer shall fail to make reimbursement,
the Trustee may reimburse itself from any moneys in its possession under
the provisions of this Indenture other than moneys drawn under the Credit
Facility and shall be entitled with respect thereto to a preference over
the Bonds.

     Section 1004.  Trustee Not Responsible for Insurance, Taxes, Execution
                    of this Indenture, Acts of the Issuer or Application of
                    the Moneys Applied in Accordance with this Indenture.

     (a)  The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to effect or
maintain insurance or to renew any policies of insurance or to inquire as
to the sufficiency of any policies of insurance carried by the Company, or
to report, or make or file claims or proof of loss for, any loss or damage
insured against or which may occur, or to keep itself informed or advised
as to the payment of any taxes or assessments, or to require any such
payment to be made.  The Trustee shall have no responsibility in respect of
the validity, sufficiency, due execution or acknowledgment of this
Indenture or any supplements thereto or instruments of further assurance or
the validity or sufficiency of the security provided hereunder or in
respect of the validity of the Bonds or the due execution or issuance
thereof.  The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to see that any
duties herein imposed upon any party other than itself, or any covenants
herein contained on the part of any party other than itself to be
performed, shall be done or performed, and the Trustee shall be under no
liability for failure to see that any such duties or covenants are so done
or performed.

     (b)  The Trustee shall not be liable or responsible because of the
failure of the Issuer or of any of its employees or agents to make any
collections or deposits or to perform any act herein required of the Issuer
or because of the loss of any moneys arising through the insolvency or the
act or default or omission of any other depositary in which such moneys
shall have been deposited under the provisions of this Indenture.  The
Trustee shall not be responsible for the application of any of the proceeds
of the Bonds or any other moneys deposited with it and paid out, withdrawn
or transferred hereunder if such application, payment, withdrawal or
transfer shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 
The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any loss suffered in
connection with any investment of funds made by it in accordance with
Section 602.  

     (c)  The permissive right of the Trustee to do things enumerated in
this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty, and the Trustee shall not
be answerable for other than its gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
The immunities and exemptions from liability of the Trustee hereunder shall
extend to its directors, officers, employees and agents.

     Section 1005.  Compensation.

     Subject to the provisions of any agreement relating to the
compensation of the Trustee, the Issuer shall cause the Company to pay to
the Trustee as Administrative Expenses its reasonable fees, charges and
out-of-pocket expenses in accordance with Section 7.5 of the Sale
Agreement.  In computing the Trustee's compensation, the parties shall not
be limited by any law on the compensation of an express trust.  If the
Company shall fail to make any payment required by this Section 1005, the
Trustee may, but shall be under no obligation to, make such payment from
any moneys in its possession under the provisions of this Indenture and
shall be entitled to a preference therefor over the Bonds hereunder;
provided that no payments under this Section 1005 shall be made with moneys
drawn under the Credit Facility.

     Section 1006.  Trustee to Preserve Records.

     All records and files pertaining to the Project in the custody of the
Trustee shall be open at all reasonable times to the inspection of the
Issuer, the Credit Facility Issuer and the Company and their agents and
representatives.

     Section 1007.  Trustee May Be a Bondholder.

     The institution acting as Trustee under this Indenture, and its
directors, officers, employees or agents, may in good faith buy, sell, own,
hold and deal in the Bonds issued under and secured by this Indenture, and
may join in the capacity of a Bondholder in any action which any Bondholder
may be entitled to take with like effect as if such institution were not
the Trustee under this Indenture.  To the extent permitted by law, such
institution may also receive tenders and purchase in good faith Bonds from
itself, including any department, affiliate or subsidiary, with like effect
as if it were not the Trustee.

     Section 1008.  Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals.

     The recitals, statements and representations contained herein and in
the Bonds shall be taken and construed as made by and on the part of the
Issuer and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee shall not be under any
responsibility for the correctness of the same.

     Section 1009.  No Trustee Responsibility for Recording or Filing.

     The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to see to the recording
or filing of this Indenture, the Sale Agreement, any financing statements
or any other instrument or otherwise to the giving to any person of notice
of the provisions hereof or thereof.

     Section 1010.  Trustee May Require Information.

     Except for the obligations of the Trustee under Section 902 and the
obligations of the Trustee to make payments on the Bonds when due and to
draw under the Credit Facility as required hereunder, anything contained in
this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have the
right, but shall not be required, to demand, as a condition of any action
by the Trustee in respect of the authentication of any Bonds, the
withdrawal of any cash, the release of any property, or any action
whatsoever within the purview of this Indenture, any showings,
certificates, opinions, appraisals or other information, or evidence of
corporate authority, in addition to that required by the terms hereof.

     Section 1011.  Trustee May Rely on Certificates.

     The Trustee shall be protected and shall incur no liability in acting
or proceeding, or in not acting or not proceeding, in good faith and in
accordance with the terms of this Indenture, upon any ordinance,
resolution, order, notice, request, consent, waiver, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, affidavit, requisition, bond or other paper
or document which it shall in good faith believe to be genuine and to have
been adopted or signed by the proper board or person or to have been
prepared and furnished pursuant to any of the provisions of the Sale
Agreement or this Indenture, or upon the written opinion of any attorney,
engineer, accountant or other expert believed by it to be qualified in
relation to the subject matter, and the Trustee shall not be under any duty
to make any investigation or inquiry as to any statements contained or
matters referred to in any such instrument.  Any action taken by the
Trustee pursuant to this Indenture upon the request or authority or consent
of any person who at the time of making such request or giving such
authority or consent is the owner of any Bond shall be conclusive and
binding upon all future owners of the same Bond and upon Bonds issued in
exchange therefor or in place thereof.

     Section 1012.  Trustee Bond.

     The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in
respect to the execution of its rights and obligations hereunder.

     Section 1013.  Segregation of Funds; Interests:

     All moneys received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied or
invested as herein provided, be held in trust in the manner and for the
purposes for which they were received but need not be segregated from other
funds except to the extent required by this Indenture or law.  The Trustee
shall not be under any liability for interest on any moneys received
hereunder.

     Section 1014.  Qualification of the Trustee.

     There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be an
association or a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of
the United States of America or of any state, authorized under such laws
and the applicable laws of the State to exercise corporate trust powers and
act as Bond Registrar hereunder, having a combined capital and surplus of
at least One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000), and subject to
supervision or examination by federal or state authority.  If such
association or corporation is not a commercial bank or trust company, it
shall also have a rating by Moody's (if the Bonds are then rated by
Moody's) of BAA 3/P3 or higher, or by S&P (if the Bonds are then rated by
S&P) of Baa/A3 or higher or shall otherwise be approved in writing by
Moody's or S&P, as the case may be.  If such association or corporation
publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the
requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for
the purposes of this Section 1014, the combined capital and surplus of such
association or corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and
surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. 
If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 1014, it shall resign immediately in the
manner and with the effect specified in Section 1015 hereof.

     Section 1015.  Resignation and Removal of the Trustee.

     (a)  No resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a
successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the
acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee under Section 1016
hereof.

     (b)  The Trustee may resign at any time by giving written notice
thereof to the Issuer and the Company.  If an instrument of acceptance by a
successor Trustee shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within
thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the
retiring Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a successor Trustee.

     (c)  The Trustee may be removed at any time by an instrument or
instruments in writing to the Trustee, with copies to the Issuer and the
Company, signed by a Majority of the Bondholders or by their attorneys,
legal representatives or agents and delivered to the Trustee, the Issuer
and the Company (such instruments to be effective only when received by the
Trustee).

     (d)  If at any time:

          (1)  the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 1014
     hereof, and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the
     Company or by a Majority of the Bondholders, or

          (2)  the Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be
     adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of
     its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take
     charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the
     purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such case, the Issuer or the Company may remove the Trustee,
or any Bondholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor.

     (e)  If the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of
acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
the Issuer with the approval of the Company shall promptly appoint a
successor.   If no successor Trustee shall have been so appointed by the
Issuer and approved by the Company or a Majority of the Bondholders and
accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, any Bondholder, if
he has been a bona fide owner of a Bond for at least six (6) months, may
petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor Trustee.

     (f)  The Issuer shall give notice of each resignation and each removal
of the Trustee and each appointment of a successor Trustee by mailing
written notice of such event by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to each
Bondholder.  Each notice shall include the name and address of the
principal corporate trust office of the successor Trustee.

     Section 1016.  Successor Trustee.

     (a)  Every successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to its predecessor, and also to the Issuer and the
Company, an instrument in writing accepting such appointment hereunder, and
thereupon and upon transfer of the Credit Facility to the successor Trustee
such successor Trustee without any further act, shall become fully vested
with all the rights, immunities, powers and trusts, and subject to all the
duties and obligations, of its predecessors; but such predecessor shall,
nevertheless, on the written request of its successor or of the Issuer and
upon payment of the expenses, charges and other disbursements of such
predecessor which are payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 1005
hereof, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor
Trustee all the rights, immunities, powers and trusts of such predecessor
hereunder; and every predecessor Trustee shall deliver all property and
moneys held by it hereunder to its successor, subject, nevertheless, to its
preference, if any, provided for in Sections 1003 and 1005 hereof.  Should
any instrument in writing from the Issuer be required by any successor
Trustee for more fully and certainly vesting in such Trustee the rights,
immunities, powers and trusts hereby vested or intended to be vested in the
predecessor Trustee, any such instrument in writing shall and will, on
request, be executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer.  The
resignation of any Trustee and the instrument or instruments removing any
Trustee and appointing a successor hereunder, together with all other
instruments provided for in this Article, shall be filed and/or recorded by
the successor Trustee in each recording office where this Indenture and the
Financing Statements have been filed and/or recorded.  

     (b)  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article,
any bank or trust company having power to perform the duties and execute
the trusts of this Indenture and otherwise qualified to act as Trustee
hereunder with or into which the bank or trust company acting as Trustee
may be merged or consolidated, or to which the assets and business of such
bank or trust company may be sold, shall be deemed the successor of the
Trustee.

     Section 1017.  Co-Trustee.

     It is the purpose of this Indenture that there shall be no violation
of any law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of certain
banking corporations or associations to transact business as trustee as
contemplated herein in such jurisdiction.  It is recognized that in case of
litigation under this Indenture and in particular in case of the
enforcement of the security interest contained in this Indenture upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default, it may be necessary that the Trustee
appoint an additional individual or institution as a separate Trustee or
Co-Trustee, which shall be satisfactory to the Company.  The following
provisions of this Section 1017 are adapted to these ends:

     (a)  In the event of the incapacity or lack of authority of the
Trustee by reason of any present or future law of any jurisdiction to
exercise any of the rights, powers and trusts herein granted to the Trustee
or to hold title to or a security interest in the Trust Estate or to take
any other action which may be necessary or desirable in connection
therewith, each and every remedy, power, right, claim, demand, cause of
action, immunity, estate, title, interest and lien expressed or intended by
this Indenture to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to the Trustee
with respect thereto shall be exercisable by and vest in such separate
Trustee or Co-Trustee but only to the extent necessary to enable the
separate Trustee or Co-Trustee to exercise such rights, powers and trusts,
and every covenant and obligation necessary to the exercise thereof shall
run to and be enforceable by such separate Trustee or Co-Trustee.

     (b)  Should any deed, conveyance or instrument in writing from the
Issuer be required by the separate Trustee or Co-Trustee so appointed by
the Trustee in order to more fully and certainly vest in and confirm to it
such properties, rights, powers, trusts, duties and obligations any and all
such deeds, conveyances and instruments shall, on request, be executed,
acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer.  In case any separate Trustee or
Co-Trustee or a successor to either, shall die, be dissolved, become
incapable of action, resign or be removed, all the estates, properties,
rights, powers, trusts, duties and obligations of such separate Trustee or
Co-Trustee, so far as permitted by law, shall vest in and be exercised by
the Trustee until the appointment of a new Trustee or successor to such
separate Trustee or Co-Trustee.

     Section 1018.  Notice to Moody's or S&P.

     At any time during which the Bonds are rated by Moody's or S&P, the
Trustee shall notify Moody's or S&P, as applicable, promptly of:

     (a)  any change in the Trustee,

     (b)  the expiration or termination of the Credit Facility during the
Variable Rate Period unless an Alternate Credit Facility is provided to the
Trustee in accordance with the terms of this Indenture,

     (c)  a change in the interest rate borne by the Bonds from a Variable
Rate to a Fixed Rate,

     (d)  the payment of all of the Bonds, or

     (e)  any material change to this Indenture, the Sale Agreement, the
Reimbursement Agreement, the Credit Facility or the Remarketing Agreement.

     Section 1019.  Filing of Certain Continuation Statements.

     From time to time, the Trustee shall file or cause to be filed
continuation statements for the purpose of continuing without lapse the
effectiveness of (i) those Financing Statements which shall have been filed
at or prior to the issuance of the Bonds in connection with the Issuer's
assignment to the Trustee of the Trust Estate pursuant to the authority of
the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York, and (ii) any
previously filed continuation statements which shall have been filed as
herein required.  The Issuer and the Company shall sign and deliver to the
Trustee or its designee such continuation statements as may be requested of
it from time to time by the Trustee.  Upon the filing of any such
continuation statement the Trustee shall immediately notify the Issuer that
the same has been accomplished.


                                ARTICLE XI

                EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS BY THE BONDHOLDERS
                    AND PROOF OF OWNERSHIP OF THE BONDS

     Section 1101.  Execution of Instruments by the Bondholders and Proof
                    of Ownership of the Bonds.

     (a)  Any request, direction, consent or other instrument in writing
required or permitted by this Indenture to be signed or executed by a
Bondholder may be signed or executed by the Bondholder or its attorneys or
legal representatives.  Proof of the execution of any such instrument and
of the ownership of the Bonds shall be sufficient for any purpose of this
Indenture and shall be conclusive in favor of the Trustee with regard to
any action taken by it under such instrument if made in the following
manner:

          The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such
     instrument may be proved by the verification of any officer in any
     jurisdiction who, by the laws thereof, has power to take affidavits
     within such jurisdiction, to the effect that such instrument was
     subscribed and sworn to before him, or by an affidavit of a witness to
     such execution, and where such execution is by an officer of a
     corporation or association or a member of a partnership on behalf of
     such corporation, association or partnership, such verification or
     affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority.

     (b)  Nothing contained in this Section 1101 shall be construed as
limiting the Trustee to such proof, it being intended that the Trustee may
accept any other evidence of the matters herein stated which may be
sufficient.  Any request or consent of a Bondholder shall bind every future
owner of the Bond(s) to which such request or consent pertains or any
Bond(s) issued in lieu thereof in respect of anything done by the Trustee
pursuant to such request or consent.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Section
1101, the Trustee shall not be required to recognize any person as an owner
of Bonds or to take any action at its request unless the Bonds shall be
deposited with it.

     Section 1102.  Preservation of Information.

     The Trustee shall preserve in the Bond Register, in as current a form
as is reasonably practicable, the name and address of each Bondholder
received by the Trustee in its capacity as Bond Registrar.


                                ARTICLE XII

                        THE REMARKETING AGENT; THE
                     TENDER AGENT; THE PLACEMENT AGENT

     Section 1201.  The Remarketing Agent.

     (a)  The Issuer hereby appoints First Union National Bank of North
Carolina, with its corporate office in Charlotte, North Carolina, as
Remarketing Agent under this Indenture.  The Remarketing Agent and any
successor Remarketing Agent, by written instrument delivered to the Issuer,
the Trustee and the Company, shall accept the duties and obligations
imposed on it under this Indenture and the Remarketing Agreement.

     (b)  In addition to the other obligations imposed on the Remarketing
Agent hereunder, the Remarketing Agent shall agree to keep such books and
records in connection with its activities as Remarketing Agent hereunder as
shall be consistent with prudent industry practice and make such books and
records available for inspection by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Credit
Facility Issuer and the Company at all reasonable times.

     (c)  The Remarketing Agent shall at all times be a member of the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and registered as a
Municipal Securities Dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or a national banking association or a bank or a trust company, in
each case authorized by law to perform its obligations hereunder.

     (d)  If at any time the Remarketing Agent is unable or unwilling to
act as Remarketing Agent, the Remarketing Agent, upon thirty (30) Business
Days' prior written notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Tender Agent and
the Company, may resign.  The Remarketing Agent may be removed at any time
by the Company with the consent of the Issuer, by written notice signed by
the Company delivered to the Trustee, the Remarketing Agent, the Credit
Facility Issuer and the Tender Agent.  Upon resignation or removal of the
Remarketing Agent, the Company, with the consent of the Issuer, shall
appoint a substitute Remarketing Agent meeting the qualifications of
Section 1201(c) above.

     (e)  In the event that the Company shall fail to appoint a successor
Remarketing Agent, upon the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent
or upon its dissolution, insolvency or bankruptcy, the Trustee may, but is
not required to, appoint a Remarketing Agent or itself act as Remarketing
Agent until the appointment of a successor Remarketing Agent in accordance
with this Section 1201; provided, however, that the Trustee, in its
capacity as Remarketing Agent, shall not be required to sell Bonds or
determine the interest rate on the Bonds pursuant to Section 202 hereof.

     Section 1202.  The Tender Agent.

     (a)  The Issuer hereby appoints as Tender Agent under this Indenture
The First National Bank of Boston, which agent has a corporate trust office
at Canton, Massachusetts.  The Tender Agent and any successor Tender Agent,
by written instrument delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Company,
shall accept the duties and obligations imposed on it under this Indenture.

     (b)  The Tender Agent shall at all times be a member of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. having a capitalization of at least
Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) and a rating by Moody's (if the Bonds
are then rated by Moody's) of BAA 3/P3 or higher, or a national banking
association or a bank or a trust company having capital and surplus of at
least $50,000,000, in each case authorized by law to perform its
obligations hereunder.

     (c)  If at any time the Tender Agent is unable or unwilling to act as
Tender Agent, the Tender Agent, upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice
to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Remarketing Agent and the Company, may
resign; provided, however, that in no case shall such resignation become
effective until the appointment of a successor Tender Agent.  The Tender
Agent may be removed at any time by the Company with the consent of the
Issuer, by written notice signed by the Company delivered to the Trustee,
the Remarketing Agent, the Credit Facility Issuer and the Tender Agent;
provided, however, that in no case shall such removal become effective
until the appointment of a successor Tender Agent.  Upon resignation or
removal of the Tender Agent, the Company, with the consent of the Issuer,
shall appoint a substitute Tender Agent meeting the qualifications of
Section 1202(b) above.

     (d)  In the event that the Company shall fail to appoint a successor
Tender Agent, upon the resignation or removal of the Tender Agent or upon
its dissolution, insolvency or bankruptcy, the Trustee may at its
discretion, but is not required to, act as Tender Agent until the
appointment of a successor Tender Agent in accordance with this Section
1202.

     Section 1203.  The Placement Agent.

     The Placement Agent shall be a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. and registered as a Municipal Securities Dealer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or a national
banking association or a bank or trust company, in each case authorized by
law to perform its obligations described in Section 202(e) hereof.

     Section 1204.  Notices.

     The Trustee shall, within thirty (30) days of the resignation or
removal of the Remarketing Agent or the Tender Agent or the appointment of
the Placement Agent or a successor Remarketing Agent or Tender Agent, give
notice thereof by first class mail, postage prepaid, to the owners of the
Bonds.


                               ARTICLE XIII

                        AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS

     Section 1301.  Amendments and Supplements Without the Bondholders'
                    Consent.

     This Indenture may be amended or supplemented at any time and from
time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, but with the consent
of the Credit Facility Issuer, if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no
default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility), by a
supplemental indenture authorized by the Issuer filed with the Trustee, for
one or more of the following purposes:

     (a)  to add additional covenants of the Issuer or to surrender any
right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

     (b)  for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Indenture
or to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision
contained herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provision contained herein or in any
supplemental indenture, or to make such other provisions in regard to
matters or questions arising under this Indenture which shall not adversely
affect the interests of the owners of the Bonds or the Company;

     (c)  to permit the Bonds to be converted during the Variable Rate
Period to certificateless securities or securities represented by a master
certificate held in trust, ownership of which, in either case, is evidenced
by book entries on the books of the Bond Registrar, for any period of time;

     (d)  to permit the appointment of a Co-Trustee under this Indenture;

     (e)  to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture
to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of this
Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, or under any similar
federal statute hereafter enacted, and to add to this Indenture such other
provisions as may be expressly permitted by the Trust Indenture Act of
1939;

     (e)  except as otherwise provided in Section 1302 hereof, to modify,
eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as
shall be necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P;

     (f)  to amend the administrative provisions hereof to accommodate the
provisions of an Alternate Credit Facility; and

     (g)  to amend the provisions hereof to reflect the obligation of the
Trustee, the Issuer or the Company to disclose information regarding the
Bonds, the Project, the Issuer, the Company or the issuer of the Letter of
Credit as shall be required or recommended to be disclosed in accordance
with applicable regulations or guidelines established by, among others, the
American Bankers Association Corporate Trust Committee.

     Section 1302.  Amendments With the Bondholders' and the Credit
                    Facility Issuer's Consent.

     (a)  This Indenture may be amended from time to time, except with
respect to:

          (1)  the principal, redemption price, purchase price, or
     interest payable upon any Bonds,

          (2)  the Interest Payment Dates, the dates of maturity or the
     redemption or purchase provisions of any Bonds, and

          (3)  this Article XIII,

by a supplemental indenture consented to by the Credit Facility Issuer if a
Credit Facility is in effect (and no default has occurred and is continuing
under the Credit Facility) and by the Company and approved by a Majority of
the Bondholders which would be affected by the action proposed to be taken.


     (b)  This Indenture may be amended with respect to the matters
enumerated in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) of this Section
with the unanimous consent of all Bondholders, the Credit Facility Issuer
if a Credit Facility is in effect (and there is no default has occurred and
is continuing under the Credit Facility), the Company and the Issuer.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and the Trustee and, during
the Variable Rate Period, the Credit Facility Issuer if the Credit Facility
is in effect (and no default has occurred and is continuing under the
Credit Facility), may amend the Indenture to such extent as may be
necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P without
providing the opinion of Bond Counsel specified in paragraph (2) above.

     Section 1303.  Supplemental Indentures Affecting the Rights of the
                    Credit Facility Issuer.

     Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, a supplemental
indenture under this Article XIII which in the judgment of the Credit
Facility Issuer if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no default has
occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility) adversely affects the
rights of the Credit Facility Issuer shall not become effective unless or
until the Credit Facility Issuer shall have consented to the execution and
delivery thereof.

     Section 1304.  Amendment of the Sale Agreement.

     (a)  The Company, the Trustee and, during the Variable Rate Period,
the Credit Facility Issuer if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no
default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility), may
amend the Sale Agreement; provided that prior to making any amendment, the
Company shall provide the Trustee and the Credit Facility Issuer with:

          (1)  a copy of the proposed amendment and

          (2)  an opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that such
     amendment or supplement will not adversely affect the exclusion of the
     interest on the Bonds from the gross income of the recipients thereof
     for federal income tax purposes and unless the Trustee shall have
     otherwise given its consent to such amendment or supplement, to the
     further effect that such amendment or supplement will not otherwise
     adversely affect the interests of the Bondholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer, the Company, the Trustee, and,
during the Variable Rate Period, the Credit Facility Issuer if a Credit
Facility is in effect (and no default has occurred and is continuing under
the Credit Facility), may amend the Sale Agreement to such extent as may be
necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P without
providing the opinion of Bond Counsel specified in paragraph (2) above.

     (b)  If the Company proposes to amend the Sale Agreement in such a
manner as would adversely affect the interests of the Bondholders, the
Trustee shall notify Bondholders of the proposed amendment and may consent
thereto with the consent of at least a Majority of the Bondholders which
would be affected by the action proposed to be taken; provided, that the
Trustee shall not, without the unanimous consent of the owners of all Bonds
then Outstanding, consent to any amendment which would:

          (1)  decrease the amounts payable on the Note,

          (2)  change the due date of principal of or interest on the Note
     or change any of the prepayment provisions of the Note, or

          (3)  change Section 5.6 of the Sale Agreement.

     Section 1305.  Amendment of the Sale Agreement Requiring the Consent
                    of the Credit Facility Issuer.

     Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, any amendment, change
or modification of the Sale Agreement which in the judgment of the Credit
Facility Issuer affects the rights of the Credit Facility Issuer shall not
become effective unless or until the Credit Facility Issuer shall have
consented to the execution and deliver of such amendment, change or
modification.

     Section 1306.  Amendment of the Credit Facility.

     The initial Credit Facility may be amended to such extent as shall be
necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P provided that
such amendment or supplement will not adversely affect the interests of the
Bondholders.  The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders and the Issuer of
any proposed amendment of the Credit Facility which would adversely affect
the interests of the Bondholders and may consent thereto with the consent
of the Issuer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and at
least a Majority of the Bondholders which would be affected by the action
proposed to be taken; provided, that the Trustee shall not, without the
unanimous consent of the owners of all Bonds then Outstanding, consent to
any amendment which would decrease the amount payable under the Credit
Facility or reduce the term of the Credit Facility.

     Section 1307.  Trustee Authorized to Join in Amendments and
                    Supplements; Reliance on Counsel.

     The Trustee is authorized to join with the Issuer in the execution and
delivery of any supplemental indenture or amendment permitted by this
Article XIII and in so doing shall be fully protected by an opinion of
Counsel that such supplemental indenture or amendment is so permitted and
has been duly authorized by the Issuer and that all things necessary to
make it a valid and binding agreement have been done; provided that certain
amendments may, by agreement between the Trustee and the Credit Facility
Issuer, require the prior consent of the Credit Facility Issuer.


                                ARTICLE XIV

                        DEFEASANCE; OTHER PAYMENTS

     Section 1401.  Defeasance.

     (a)  When the principal or redemption price (as the case may be) of,
and interest on all Bonds issued hereunder have been paid, including
without limitation the purchase price for Bonds tendered under Section 202
hereof, or provision has been made for payment of the same, together with
the compensation of the Trustee and all other sums payable hereunder by the
Issuer, the right, title and interest of the Trustee in and to the Trust
Estate and the security interests shall thereupon cease, and the Trustee,
on written demand of the Issuer, shall release this Indenture and the
security interests and shall execute such documents to evidence such
release as may be reasonably required by the Issuer and shall turn over to
the Company or to such person, body or authority as may be entitled to
receive the same all balances then held by it hereunder; provided, that, if
any payments have been received by the Trustee from the Credit Facility in
connection with such release, such balances shall be paid to the Credit
Facility Issuer to the extent of such payments.  If payment or provision
therefor is made with respect to less than all of the Bonds, the particular
Bonds (or portion thereof) for which provision for payment shall have been
considered made shall be selected by lot by the Trustee and thereupon the
Trustee shall take similar action for the release of this Indenture with
respect to such Bonds.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, Bonds purchased at the option of the owners thereof with moneys
held by the Trustee pursuant to this Article XIV shall not be remarketed
but shall be cancelled by the Trustee.

     (b)  Provision for the payment of Bonds shall be deemed to have been
made when the Trustee holds in the Bond Fund, in trust and irrevocably set
aside exclusively for such payment, (1) moneys sufficient to make such
payment provided that if a Credit Facility is then held by the Trustee,
such moneys shall constitute Available Moneys or (2) noncallable
Governmental Obligations maturing as to principal and interest in such
amounts and at such times as will provide sufficient moneys without
reinvestment to make such payment; provided that the Trustee shall have
received an opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that such deposit will
not affect the exclusion of the interest on any of the Bonds from the gross
income of the recipients thereof for federal income tax purposes (e.g. by
causing any of the Bonds to be classified as an "arbitrage bond" within the
meaning of Section 148 of the Code), and provided further, that if a Credit
Facility is then held by the Trustee, such Governmental Obligations shall
have been on deposit with the Trustee in a separate and segregated account
for a period of three hundred sixty-seven (367) days during and prior to
which no Event of Bankruptcy has occurred or which Governmental Obligations
were purchased with Available Moneys.

     (c)  No Bonds in respect of which a deposit under subsection (b) above
has been made shall be deemed paid within the meaning of this Article
unless the Trustee is satisfied that the amounts deposited are sufficient
to make all payments that might become due on the Bonds, including purchase
price payments for Bonds tendered at the option of the owners or purchased
by the Company in lieu of redemption, if any.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no delivery to the Trustee under this subsection (c) shall be
deemed a payment of any Bonds which are to be redeemed prior to their
stated maturity until such Bonds shall have been irrevocably called or
designated for redemption on a date thereafter on which such Bonds may be
redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture or the Issuer
shall have given the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee,
irrevocable instructions to give notice of redemption.  Neither the
obligations nor moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to this Section
shall be withdrawn or used for any purpose other than, and shall be
segregated and held in trust for, the payment of the principal of,
redemption price of, purchase price if applicable of, and interest on the
Bonds with respect to which such deposit has been made.  In the event that
such moneys or obligations are to be applied to the payment of principal or
redemption price of any Bonds more than sixty (60) days following the
deposit thereof with the Trustee, the Trustee shall mail a notice stating
that such moneys or obligations have been deposited and identifying the
Bonds for the payment of which such moneys or obligations are being held to
all owners of such Bonds at their addresses shown on the Bond Register.

     (d)  Anything in Article XIV to the contrary notwithstanding, if
moneys or Governmental Obligations have been deposited or set aside with
the Trustee pursuant to this Article for the payment of the principal or
redemption price, including purchase price if applicable, of the Bonds and
the interest thereon and the principal or redemption price, including
purchase price if applicable, of such Bonds and such moneys or Governmental
Obligations do not constitute Available Moneys, no amendment to the
provisions of this Article shall be made without the consent of the owner
of each of the Bonds affected thereby.

     (e)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, those provisions relating to the
purchase of Bonds upon the demand of any Bondholders, the maturity of
Bonds, interest payments and dates thereof, and the dates, premiums and
notice requirements for optional and mandatory redemption or purchase and
the Trustee's remedies with respect thereto, and provisions relating to
exchange, transfer and registration of Bonds, replacement of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Bonds, the safekeeping and cancellation of Bonds,
non-presentment of Bonds, the holding of moneys in trust and repayments to
the Company or the Credit Facility Issuer from the Bond Fund and the duties
of the Trustee in connection with all of the foregoing and the fees,
expenses and indemnities of the Trustee, shall remain in effect and shall
be binding upon the Trustee, the Issuer, the Company and the Bondholders
notwithstanding the release and discharge of the lien of this Indenture
until payment in full of all outstanding Bonds.

     Section 1402.  Deposit of Funds for Payment of the Bonds.

     If the principal or redemption price of any Bonds become due, either
at maturity or by call for redemption or otherwise, together with all
interest accruing thereon to the due date, has been paid or provision
therefor made in accordance with Section 1401 hereof, all interest on such
Bonds shall cease to accrue on the due date and all liability of the Issuer
with respect to such Bonds shall likewise cease, except as hereinafter
provided.  Thereafter the owners of such Bonds shall be restricted
exclusively to the funds so deposited for any claim of whatsoever nature
with respect to such Bonds, and the Trustee shall hold such funds in trust
for such owners.

     Section 1403.  Effect of Purchase of the Bonds.

     No purchase of Bonds pursuant to Section 303 hereof shall be deemed to
be a payment or redemption of such Bonds or any portion thereof and such
purchase will not operate to extinguish or discharge the indebtedness
evidenced by such Bonds.


                                ARTICLE XV

                         MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     Section 1501.  Covenants of the Issuer to Bind its Successors.

     In the event of the dissolution of the Issuer, all of the covenants,
stipulations, obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture by or
in behalf of or for the benefit of the Issuer shall bind or inure to the
benefit of the successor or successors of the Issuer from time to time and
any officer, board, commission, authority, agency or instrumentality to
whom or to which any power or duty affecting such covenants, stipulations,
obligations and agreements shall be transferred by or in accordance with
law, and the term "Issuer" as used in this Indenture shall include such
successor or successors.

     Section 1502.  Notices.

     (a)  Any notice, demand, direction, request or other instrument
authorized or required by this Indenture to be given or filed with the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Company or the Credit Facility Issuer shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given or filed for all purposes of this
Indenture when delivered by hand delivery or mailed by first class mail,
postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, addressed as follows:

    (1)  If to the Issuer, to:  Village of Walden
                                Industrial Development Agency
                                8 Scofield Street
                                Walden, NY  12586
                                (Attention Chairman)

         with a copy to:        Richard J. Drake
                                Drake, Sommers, Loeb, Tarshis & Catania,
                                P.C.
                                One Corwin Court
                                P.O. Box 1479
                                Newburgh, NY  12550

    (2)  If to the Company, to: Spence Engineering Company, Inc.
                                c/o Watts Regulator Co.
                                815 Chestnut Street
                                North Andover, MA  01845
                                (Attention:  William C. McCartney,
                                Corporate Controller); and

         with a copy to:        John R. LeClaire, P.C.
                                Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
                                Exchange Place
                                Boston, MA  02109

    (3)  If to the Trustee, to: The First National Bank of Boston
                                150 Royall Street, Mail Stop 45-02-15
                                Canton, MA 02021
                                Attn:  Corporate Trust Division

    (4)  If to the Credit Facility 
         Issuer, to:            First Union National Bank of North
                                Carolina
                                301 South College Street
                                T-7
                                Charlotte, NC 28288
                                Attention: International Operations
                                CORP-10.

and if sent by telegraph, telegram or telecopy, addressed as above, at the
time and date appearing on the report of delivery.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the delivery of Bonds or Optional Tender Notices to the Trustee
or Tender Agent if made by telegraph, telegram or telecopy, must be made by
delivery of the hard copy by overnight delivery on the date of delivery of
such telegraph, telegram or telecopy and shall not be effective until
actual receipt thereof by the Trustee or the Tender Agent, as the case may
be.  

     (b)  A duplicate copy of each notice or other communication given
hereunder by either the Issuer or Trustee to the other shall also be given
to the Company.

     (c)  All documents received by the Trustee under the provisions of
this Indenture, or photographic copies thereof, shall be retained in its
possession until this Indenture shall be released in accordance with the
provisions of the Indenture, subject at all reasonable times to the
inspection of the Issuer and the Bondholders and the agents and
representatives thereof.

     (d)  The Issuer, the Trustee, the Company and the Credit Facility
Issuer may, by notice given hereunder, designate any further or different
addresses to which subsequent notices, certificates or other communications
shall be sent.

     Section 1503.  Trustee as the Paying Agent and the Bond Registrar.

     The Trustee is hereby designated and agrees to act as payment agent
and Bond Registrar for and in respect of the Bonds and any amounts received
under the Credit Facility or the Sale Agreement.

     Section 1504.  Rights Under this Indenture.

     Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, nothing in this
Indenture expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer
upon any person, firm or corporation other than the parties hereto, the
Company and the owners of the Bonds issued under and secured by this
Indenture, any rights under this Indenture or any provisions hereof, this
Indenture and all its provisions being intended to be and being for the
sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto, the Company and the
owners from time to time of the Bonds issued hereunder.

     Section 1505.  Form of Certificates and Opinions.

     Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, any request, notice,
certificate or other instrument from the Issuer or the Company to the
Trustee shall be deemed to have been signed by the proper party or parties
if signed by the Issuer Representative or the Company Representative,
respectively, and the Trustee may accept and rely upon a certificate signed
by the Issuer Representative as to any action taken by the Issuer and by
the Company Representative as to any action taken by the Company.

     Section 1506.  Severability.

     In case any one or more of the provisions of this Indenture or of the
Bonds issued hereunder shall for any reason be held to be illegal or
invalid, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect any other
provisions of this Indenture or of the bonds, but this Indenture and the
Bonds shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid
provision had not been contained therein.  In case any covenant,
stipulation, obligation or agreement of the Issuer contained in this
Indenture or in the Bonds shall for any reason be held to be in violation
of law, then such covenant, stipulation, obligation or agreement of the
Issuer shall be enforced to the full extent permitted by law.

     Section 1507.  Covenants of the Issuer Not Covenants of Officials
                    Individually.

     All covenants, stipulations, obligations and agreements of the Issuer
contained in this Indenture shall be deemed to be covenants, stipulations,
obligations and agreements of the Issuer to the full extent permitted by
the Constitution and laws of the State.  No covenant, stipulation,
obligation or agreement contained herein shall be deemed to be a covenant,
stipulation, obligation or agreement of any present or future officer,
member, agent or employee of the Issuer in his individual capacity, and no
officer of the Issuer executing the Bonds shall be liable personally on the
Bonds or be subject to any personal liability or accountability by reason
of the issuance thereof.  No officer, agent or employee of the Issuer shall
incur any personal liability in acting or proceeding or in not acting or
not proceeding in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

     Section 1508.  State Law Governs.

     This Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State.

     Section 1509.  Payments Due on Days Other Than Business Days.

     In any case where the date of maturity of interest on or principal of
the Bonds or the date fixed for redemption of the Bonds shall be in the
city of payment a day other than a Business Day, then payment of interest
or principal need not be made on such date but may be made on the next
succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the
date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, provided that interest
shall accrue for the period of any such extension.

<PAGE>

     Section 1510.  Execution in Counterparts.

     This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which
shall be regarded for all purposes as an original, and such counterparts
shall constitute but one and the same instrument, and no one counterpart of
which need be executed by all parties.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
AGENCY has caused this Indenture to be executed in its name and on its
behalf by the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Issuer, the official seal of
the Issuer to be impressed hereon and the same to be attested by the
Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Issuer; and the Trustee has caused
this Indenture to be executed in its name and on its behalf by an
authorized officer, its corporate seal to be impressed hereon and the same
to be attested by a responsible officer, all as of the date and year first
above written.

                                   VILLAGE OF WALDEN INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
                                   AGENCY 


                                   By: /s/ Mathew R. Steichen 
                                      Chairman, Mathew R. Steichen         


Attest:


By: /s/ John Bruce Seguin                                
   Secretary, John Bruce Seguin                 

                                   THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, as
                                      Trustee


                                   By: /s/ James E. Schultz                 
                                      Its: Senior Account Administrator


Attest:


By: /s/ (Signature)                                
   Assistant Cashier

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>




                              LOAN AGREEMENT

                                  between

           HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY


                                    and


                           LESLIE CONTROLS, INC.

                              relating to the

                                $4,765,000
           Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority
              Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds
               (Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1994


        __________________________________________________________

NOTE:     CERTAIN RIGHTS OF THE HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL
          DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY UNDER THIS LOAN AGREEMENT HAVE
          BEEN ASSIGNED TO, AND ARE SUBJECT TO A SECURITY
          INTEREST IN FAVOR OF, THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
          BOSTON, TRUSTEE FOR THE OWNERS OF THE BONDS UNDER A
          TRUST INDENTURE OF EVEN DATE HEREWITH, AS AMENDED OR
          SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME.  INFORMATION CONCERNING
          SUCH SECURITY INTEREST MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE TRUSTEE
          AT 150 ROYALL STREET, CANTON, MASSACHUSETTS.
        __________________________________________________________

                         DATED AS OF July 1, 1994






<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       Page

Parties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
Recitals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1

ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION . . . . . . . . . . . .  2

     Section 1.1.   Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2
     Section 1.2.   Rules of Construction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7

ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  8

     Section 2.1.   Representations by the Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . .  8
     Section 2.2.   Representations, Warranties and Covenants by the
                    Company. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10

ARTICLE III         CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

     Section 3.1.   Company Consent to Assignment of Agreement and
                    Execution of Indenture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

ARTICLE IV ISSUANCE OF THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

     Section 4.1.   Agreement to Issue the Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
     Section 4.2.   No Third Party Beneficiary . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13

ARTICLE V  LOAN BY THE ISSUER TO THE COMPANY; REPAYMENT. . . . . . . . . 14

     Section 5.1.   Loan by the Issuer; Repayment. . . . . . . . . . . . 14
     Section 5.2.   No Set-Off . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
     Section 5.3.   Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
     Section 5.4.   Credits Against the Note . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
     Section 5.5.   Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement . . . . 15

ARTICLE VI OPERATION; TAXES AND UTILITY
           CHARGES; INSURANCE AND EMINENT DOMAIN . . . . . . . . . . . . 15

     Section 6.1.   Operation of the Project by the Company. . . . . . . 15
     Section 6.2.   Taxes and Utility Charges. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
     Section 6.3.   Insurance. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
     Section 6.4.   Eminent Domain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
     Section 6.5.   Application of Net Proceeds of Insurance and
                    Eminent Domain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
     Section 6.6.   Parties to Give Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17

ARTICLE VII         SPECIAL COVENANTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

     Section 7.1.   Access to the Project and Inspection . . . . . . . . 18
     Section 7.2.   Further Assurances and Corrective Instruments. . . . 18
     Section 7.3.   Tax and Arbitrage Covenants; Notice of Event of
                    Taxability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
     Section 7.4.   Recording and Filing; Other Instruments. . . . . . . 20
     Section 7.5.   Administrative Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
     Section 7.6.   Indemnity Against Claims . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
     Section 7.7.   Release and Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
     Section 7.8.   Additional Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
     Section 7.9.   Default Certificates . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
     Section 7.10.  Observe Laws . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
     Section 7.11.  Election . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
     Section 7.12.  No Warranty of Condition of Suitability by the
           Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
     Section 7.13.  Redemption of Prior Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23

ARTICLE VIII        ASSIGNMENT, LEASING AND SELLING. . . . . . . . . . . 23

     Section 8.1.   Assignment of this Loan Agreement or Lease or
                    Sale of the Project by the Company . . . . . . . . . 23
     Section 8.2.   Restrictions on Transfer of the Issuer's Rights. . . 24
     Section 8.3.   Assignment by the Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
     Section 8.4.   Merger of Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24

ARTICLE IX EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25

     Section 9.1.   Events of Default Defined. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
     Section 9.2.   Remedies on Default. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
     Section 9.3.   Application of Amounts Realized in Enforcement of
                    Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
     Section 9.4.   No Remedy Exclusive. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
     Section 9.5.   Agreement to Pay Attorneys' Fees and Expenses. . . . 27
     Section 9.6.   Correlative Waivers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

ARTICLE X  PREPAYMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

     Section 10.1.  Optional Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
     Section 10.2.  Mandatory Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
     Section 10.3.  Other Mandatory Prepayments. . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

ARTICLE XI REBATE PROVISIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

     Section 11.1.  Creation of the Rebate Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

ARTICLE XII         MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29

     Section 12.1.  References to the Bonds Ineffective After Bonds
                    Paid . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     Section 12.2.  No Implied Waiver. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     Section 12.3.  Issuer Representative. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     Section 12.4.  Company Representative . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     Section 12.5.  Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
     Section 12.6.  If Payment or Performance Date Is Other Than a
                    Business Day . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.7.  Binding Effect . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.8.  Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.9.  Amendments, Changes and Modifications. . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.10. Execution in Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.11. Applicable Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.12. No Charge Against Issuer Credit. . . . . . . . . . . 31
     Section 12.13. Issuer Not Liable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.14. Expenses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
     Section 12.15. Amounts Remaining with the Trustee . . . . . . . . . 32

Execution by the Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33

Execution by the Company . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33

Exhibit A  Promissory Note
Exhibit B  The Project

<PAGE>
                          _______________________

                              LOAN AGREEMENT
                          _______________________


     This LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of July 1, 1994, between the
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (the "Issuer"), a
public body corporate and politic and a public instrumentality created
pursuant to the laws of the State of Florida (the "State"), and LESLIE
CONTROLS, INC. (the "Company"), a corporation organized and existing under
the laws of the State of New Jersey.

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Act (as hereinafter defined) authorizes the creation of
industrial development agencies to facilitate the financing of capital
projects comprising an industrial and manufacturing plant; and

     WHEREAS, the Act further authorizes each agency to issue its bonds for
the purpose of carrying out any of its corporate purposes; and

     WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Act,
the County Commissioners of Hillsborough County, Florida created the
Issuer; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer is authorized and empowered to enter into this
Loan Agreement by the provisions of the Act; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer has heretofore indicated its willingness to issue
industrial revenue bonds under the Act for the purpose of refunding in
whole the outstanding principal amount of the Issuer's Industrial
Development Revenue Bonds (Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1986 in
the original aggregate principal amount of $7,200,000  (the "Prior Bonds"),
the proceeds of which were used to finance, in whole or in part, the cost
of acquiring, constructing and installing a certain project in Hillsborough
County, Florida (the "Project") owned and operated by the Company; and

     WHEREAS, to obtain funds for such purposes the Issuer will issue and
sell its Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Leslie Controls,
Inc. Project), Series 1994 in the aggregate principal amount of $4,765,000
dated as of July 1, 1994 (the "Bonds"), under and pursuant to the Act, to
be secured by and contain such terms and provisions as are set forth in
that certain Trust Indenture (the "Indenture") dated as of July 1, 1994
between the Issuer and The First National Bank of Boston, Boston,
Massachusetts, as Trustee (the "Trustee"), and the proceeds from the sale
of the Bonds shall be deposited with the Trustee and disbursed in the
manner and for the purposes set forth herein and in the Indenture, all as
more fully provided herein and therein; and

     WHEREAS, in undertaking the issuance of the Bonds the Issuer has
observed the criteria and requirements established by the Act.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the respective representations and
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto, recognizing that in the
performance of the agreements of the Issuer herein contained, any
obligation it may thereby incur for the payment of money shall not be
deemed to constitute a debt, liability or obligation of the Issuer or of
the State of Florida or any political subdivision thereof, except to the
extent that the Bonds hereinafter mentioned shall be a limited obligation
of the Issuer,  payable solely from revenues provided therefor under the
provisions of this Loan Agreement, the Note and from the Credit Facility
Issuer under a Credit Facility (each as hereinafter defined) or derived
from the exercise of the rights of the Issuer thereunder, agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

     Section 1.1.   Definitions.

     In addition to words and terms elsewhere defined in this Loan
Agreement or in the Indenture, the following words and terms shall have the
following meanings:

     "Act" shall mean all applicable provisions of the Constitution and
laws of the State of Florida, including without limitation the Florida
Industrial Development Financing Act, Parts II and III of Chapter 159,
Florida Statutes, as amended from time to time and the resolution of the
Board of County Commissioners of Hillsborough County, Florida adopted on
October 27, 1971 organizing the Issuer.

     "Administrative Expenses" shall mean the amounts payable pursuant to
Section 7.5 hereof by the Company to or for the account of the Issuer to
provide for payment of reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the
Issuer.

     "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person
directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or
indirect common control with such Person.  For the purposes of this
definition, "control", when used with respect to a Person, means the power
to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or
indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
or otherwise, and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings
correlative to the foregoing.

     "Bond" or "Bonds" shall mean the Hillsborough County Industrial
Development Authority Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds
(Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1994, authorized to be issued
pursuant to the Bond Resolution in accordance with the Indenture in the
aggregate principal amount of $4,765,000, including such Bonds issued in
replacement for mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Bonds pursuant to
Section 210 of the Indenture.

     "Bond Documents" shall mean collectively the Indenture, the Bonds,
this Loan Agreement, the Note, the Letter of Credit Documents, the Tender
Agency Agreement and the Remarketing Agreement.

     "Bond Resolution" shall mean the resolution adopted by the Issuer on
July 25, 1994 authorizing the execution and delivery of the Issuer
Documents and the issuance of the Bonds by the Issuer.

     "Closing Date" means the date of the issuance and delivery of the
Bonds.

     "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including,
when appropriate, the statutory predecessor of the Code, and all applicable
regulations (whether proposed, temporary or final) under that Code and the
statutory predecessor of the Code, and any official rulings and judicial
determinations under the foregoing applicable to the Bonds.

     "Company" shall mean Leslie Controls, Inc., a New Jersey corporation,
and its successors or assigns and any surviving, resulting or transferee
corporation or other entity.

     "Company Representative" shall mean any one of the persons at the time
designated to act on behalf of the Company by written certificate furnished
to the Issuer and the Trustee containing the specimen signatures of such
persons and signed on behalf of the Company by the President or any duly
authorized officer of the Company.

     "Consistent Basis" shall mean, in reference to the application of
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, that the accounting principles
observed in the period referred to are comparable in all material respects
to those applied in the preceding period, except as to any changes
consented to by the Credit Facility Issuer.

     "Counsel" shall mean an attorney or firm of attorneys acceptable to
the Trustee, and may, but need not, be counsel to the Issuer or the
Company.

     "Credit Facility" shall mean the Letter of Credit or any Alternate
Credit Facility delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Article VI of the
Indenture.

     "Credit Facility Issuer" shall mean the Bank with respect to the
Letter of Credit and if applicable the institution issuing any Alternate
Credit Facility.

     "Determination of Taxability" shall be defined as and shall be deemed
to have occurred on the first to occur of the following:

        (i)    on the date when the Company files any statement,
     supplemental statement or other tax schedule, return or document
     (whether pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.103-10(b)(2)(vi),
     as the same may be amended or supplemented, or otherwise) which
     discloses that an Event of Taxability shall have in fact occurred;

       (ii)    on the date when any Bondholder or former Bondholder
     notifies the Company or the Trustee that it has received an approving
     written opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that an Event of
     Taxability shall have occurred unless, within one hundred eighty (180)
     days after receipt by the Company of such notification from the
     Trustee, any Bondholder or any former Bondholder, the Company shall
     obtain and deliver to the Trustee a favorable ruling or determination
     letter issued to or on behalf of the Company by the Commissioner or
     any District Director of Internal Revenue (or any other government
     official exercising the same or a substantially similar function from
     time to time) to the effect that, after taking into consideration such
     facts as form the basis for the opinion that an Event of Taxability
     has occurred, an Event of Taxability shall not have occurred;

      (iii)    on the date when the Company shall be advised in writing by
     the Commissioner or any District Director of Internal Revenue (or any
     other government official or agent exercising the same or a
     substantially similar function from time to time) that, based upon
     filings of the Company, or upon any review or audit of the Company, or
     upon any other ground whatsoever, an Event of Taxability shall have
     occurred;

       (iv)    on the date when the Company shall receive notice in writing
     from any Bondholder or former Bondholder, or from the Trustee, that
     the Internal Revenue Service (or any other government agency
     exercising the same or a substantially similar function from time to
     time) has assessed as includable in the gross income of any Bondholder
     or former Bondholder the interest on such Bondholder's or former
     Bondholder's Bond due to the occurrence of an Event of Taxability;

provided, however, no Determination of Taxability shall be deemed to have
occurred under subparagraph (iii) or (iv) hereof unless the Company has
been afforded the opportunity, at its expense, to contest any such
assessment or unfavorable ruling and, further, no Determination of
Taxability shall be deemed to have occurred until such contest, if made,
has been finally determined.

     "Eminent Domain" shall mean the taking of title to, or the temporary
use of, the Project or any part thereof pursuant to eminent domain or
condemnation proceedings, or any voluntary conveyance of any part of the
Project during the pendency of, or as a result of a threat of, such
proceedings.

     "Event of Default" or "Default" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.1 hereof.

     "Event of Taxability" shall mean a change in law or fact or the
interpretation thereof, or the occurrence or existence of any fact, event
or circumstance (including, without limitation, the issuance of obligations
or the incurring of capital expenditures in excess of those permitted by
Section 103(b)(6)(D) of the 1954 Code, or the taking of any action by the
Company, or the failure to take any action by the Company, or the making by
the Company of misrepresentation herein or in any certificate required to
be given in connection with the issuance, sale or delivery of the Bonds)
which has the effect of causing the interest paid or payable on any Bond to
become includable in the gross income of any Bondholder or former
Bondholder of any Bond other than a Bondholder or former Bondholder who is
or was a "substantial user" or "related person" as such terms are used in
Section 147(a) of the Code.

     "Financing Statements" means any and all financing statements
(including continuation statements) filed for record from time to time to
perfect the security interests created or assigned hereby or by the
Indenture.

     "Generally Accepted Accounting Principles" shall mean those principles
of accounting set forth in pronouncements of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board and its predecessors or pronouncements of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants or those principles of accounting
which have other substantial authoritative support and are applicable in
the circumstances as of the date of application, as such principles are
from time to time supplemented and amended.

     "Indenture" shall mean the Trust Indenture of even date herewith by
and between the Issuer and the Trustee, together with any amendments or
supplements thereof permitted thereby.

     "Issuer" shall mean Hillsborough County Industrial Development
Authority and its successors and assigns.

     "Issuer Documents" shall mean collectively the Indenture and this Loan
Agreement.

     "Issuer Representative" shall mean any one of the persons at the time
designated to act on behalf of the Issuer by written certificate furnished
to the Company and the Trustee containing the specimen signatures of such
persons and signed on behalf of the Issuer by the Chairman.

     "Letter of Credit Documents" shall mean the Letter of Credit, the
Reimbursement Agreement and the Pledge Agreement.

     "Loan Agreement" shall mean this Loan Agreement and any amendments and
supplements thereto permitted by the Indenture.

     "Net Proceeds" means the proceeds received by the Issuer from the sale
of the Bonds including all earnings and profits thereon but excluding any
proceeds deposited in a reasonably required reserve or replacement fund.
When used with respect to any insurance proceeds or award resulting from,
or other amount received in connection with, Eminent Domain, the term "Net
Proceeds" shall mean the gross proceeds from such proceeds, award or other
amount, less all expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in the
realization thereof.

     "1954 Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended
through August 15, 1986, and all applicable regulations (whether proposed,
temporary or final) thereunder and any official rulings and determinations
under the foregoing applicable to the Bonds or the Prior Bonds.

     "Note"  shall mean the promissory note given by the Company pursuant
to Section 5.4 of this Loan Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit
"A" attached hereto.

     "Overdue Rate" shall mean the Prime Rate plus two percent, or the
maximum contract rate permitted by law, whichever is lower.

     "Payment of the Bonds" shall mean payment of (i) the principal of and
interest on the Bonds in accordance with their terms whether through
payment at maturity, upon acceleration or prepayment, (ii) all amounts due
as Administrative Expenses or otherwise, and (iii) any and all other
liabilities and obligations arising under the Indenture and this Loan
Agreement, in any case, in such a manner that all such amounts due and
owing with respect to the Bonds shall have been paid.

     "Permitted Encumbrances" shall mean, as of any particular time, liens
for ad valorem and special assessments, if any, which are not then
delinquent or which are being contested in good faith.

     "Person" shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation, trust,
unincorporated organization, association, joint venture, joint-stock
company, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof.

     "Prime Rate" shall mean that rate of interest per annum announced by
First Union National Bank of North Carolina at its principal office in
Charlotte, North Carolina, from time to time to be its prime rate.

     "Project" shall mean the land or buildings and other improvements
thereon, and all machinery, equipment, apparatus, office furnishings and
other property financed in whole or in part with the proceeds of the Prior
Bonds, including any substitutions therefor and any repairs, renewals and
replacements thereof from time to time, including the real property
described in Exhibit "B" attached hereto and by this reference made a part
hereof.

     "Rebate Fund" means the Fund of that name created pursuant to Section
504 of the Indenture and described in Section 11.1 hereof.

     "Regulations" shall mean the applicable Treasury Regulations under
Sections 103 and 141 through 150 of the Code whether at the time proposed,
temporary, final or otherwise.

     "Reimbursement Agreement" shall mean the Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement of even date herewith by and among the
Company, Watts Industries, Inc. as guarantor, and the Bank, and any
supplements or amendments thereto.

     "Related Person" means "related person"  within the meaning of Section
103(b)(6)(C) of the 1954 Code by reference to Sections 267, 707(b) and
1563(a) of the 1954 Code, except that fifty percent is substituted for
eighty percent in Section 1563(a).

     "Security interest" or "security interests" shall refer to the
security interests created in the Indenture and shall have the meaning set
forth in the U.C.C.

     "State" shall mean the State of Florida.

     "Tax Regulatory Certificate" shall mean the certificate of the
Company, dated the date of delivery of the Bonds, setting forth certain
facts, estimates and circumstances with respect to the Bonds.

     "Trustee" shall mean the banking institution at the time serving as
Trustee under the Indenture.

     Section 1.2.   Rules of Construction.

     (a)  Words of masculine gender shall be deemed and construed to
include correlative words of the feminine and neuter genders, and words of
the neuter gender shall be deemed and construed to include correlative
words of the masculine and feminine genders.

     (b)  The table of contents, captions and headings in this Loan
Agreement are for convenience only and in no way define, limit or describe
the scope or intent of any provisions or Sections of this Loan Agreement.

     (c)  All references herein to particular Articles or Sections are
references to Articles or Sections of this Loan Agreement unless some other
reference is established.

     (d)  All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be
construed in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
applied on a Consistent Basis.

     (e)  All references herein to the Company shall be deemed to refer to
each of the Persons if more than one are described by such term and any
agreement, obligation, duty or liability of the Company shall be a joint
and several agreement, obligation, duty or liability of each of the Persons
so described by such term.

     (f)  Any terms not defined herein but defined in any of the other Bond
Documents shall have the same meaning herein.


                                ARTICLE II

                              REPRESENTATIONS

     Section 2.1.   Representations by the Issuer.

     The Issuer makes the following representations as the basis for the
undertakings on its part herein contained:

     (a)  Organization and Authority.  The Issuer is a public body
corporate and politic and a public instrumentality created pursuant to the
laws of the State of Florida.  The Issuer has all requisite power and
authority under the Act to (i) adopt the Bond Resolution, (ii) issue the
Bonds, (iii) use the proceeds thereof to refund the Prior Bonds, and (iv)
enter into, and perform its obligations under the Issuer Documents.

     (b)  Pending Litigation.  There are no actions, suits, proceedings,
inquiries or investigations pending, or to the knowledge of the Issuer
threatened, against or affecting the Issuer in any court or before any
governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal, which involve the
possibility of materially and adversely affecting the transactions
contemplated by the Issuer Documents or which, in any way, would adversely
affect the validity or enforceability of the Bonds, the Issuer Documents or
any agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party and which is
used or contemplated for use in the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby or the ability of the Issuer to perform its
respective obligations hereunder and thereunder.

     (c)  Agreements Are Legal and Authorized.  The adoption of the Bond
Resolution, the issuance and sale of the Bonds and the execution and
delivery by the Issuer of the Issuer Documents and the compliance by the
Issuer with all of the provisions of each thereof and of the Bonds (i) are
within the purposes, powers and authority of the Issuer, (ii) have been
done in full compliance with the provisions of the Act, are legal and will
not conflict with or constitute on the part of the Issuer a violation of or
a breach of or default under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge
or encumbrance upon any property of the Issuer (other than as contemplated
by this Loan Agreement and the Indenture) under the provisions of, any
charter instrument, by-law, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note
agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party
or by which the Issuer is bound, or any license, judgment, decree, law,
statute, order, rule or regulation of any court or governmental agency or
body having jurisdiction over the Issuer or any of its activities or
properties, and (iii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
action on the part of the Issuer.

     (d)  Governmental Consents.  Neither the nature of the Issuer nor any
of its activities or properties, nor any relationship between the Issuer
and any other person, nor any circumstance in connection with the offer,
issue, sale or delivery of any of the Bonds is such as to require the
consent, approval or authorization of, or the filing, registration or
qualification with, any governmental authority on the part of the Issuer in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Issuer
Documents or the offer, issue, sale or delivery of the Bonds, other than
those already obtained, which include (i) the approval of the Board of
County Commissioners, (ii) the compliance with the information reporting
requirements contained in Section 149(e) of the Code, (iii) the public
approval of the issuance of the Bonds contained in Section 147(f) of the
Code, and (iv) the filing of Financing Statements perfecting the security
interests created under the Indenture; provided, however, no representation
is made herein as to compliance with the securities or "blue sky" laws of
any jurisdiction.

     (e)  No Defaults.  No event has occurred and no condition exists with
respect to the Issuer which would constitute an Event of Default as defined
in this Loan Agreement or the Indenture or which, with the lapse of time or
with the giving of notice or both, would become an Event of Default under
this Loan Agreement or the Indenture. The Issuer is not in default under
the Act or under any charter instrument or by-law.

     (f)  No Prior Pledge.  Neither this Loan Agreement nor any of the
revenues pledged under the Indenture have been pledged or hypothecated in
any manner or for any purpose other than as provided in the Indenture as
security for the payment of the Bonds.

     (g)  Nature and Location of Project.  The refinancing of the costs of
the Project is in furtherance of the public purpose intended to be served
by the Act and is specifically authorized by the Act.  The Project is
located wholly within the geographic limits of the Issuer.

     (h)  Public Hearing and Approval.  A public hearing was duly held by
the Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority on June 15, 1994,
upon reasonable public notice, at which hearing members of the public were
afforded reasonable opportunity to be heard on all matters pertaining to
the location and nature of the Project and the refinancing thereof and to
the issuance of the Bonds.  On July 13, 1994, after the above mentioned
public hearing, the issuance of the Bonds was approved by the Hillsborough
County Board of County Commissioners, which is the applicable elected
representative of the Issuer.

     (i)  Due Authorization.  By the Bond Resolution the Issuer has
authorized the issuance and sale of the Bonds to provide funds for
refunding, by payment and redemption, the Prior Bonds, and authorized and
approved the Issuer's execution, delivery and performance of the Issuer
Documents, the endorsement of the Note and the other instruments
contemplated hereby to be executed and delivered by the Issuer, which Bond
Resolution has not been amended, modified or rescinded and continues to be
in full force and effect.

     (j)  Limited Obligations.  Notwithstanding anything herein contained
to the contrary, any obligation the Issuer may hereby incur for the payment
of money shall not be deemed to constitute a debt, liability or obligation
of the Issuer, Hillsborough County or of the State of Florida or any
political subdivision thereof, except to the extent that the Bonds shall be
a limited obligation of the Issuer payable solely from (i) the revenues
hereunder and under the Note, (ii) revenues derived from the sale of the
Bonds, and (iii) amounts on deposit from time to time in the Bond Fund,
subject to the provisions of this Loan Agreement and the Indenture
permitting the application thereof for the purposes and on the terms and
conditions set forth herein and therein.

     (k)  Issuance of Bonds.  To accomplish the foregoing, the Issuer
proposes to issue $4,765,000 in aggregate principal amount of its Bonds
immediately following the execution and delivery of this Loan Agreement.
The date, denominations, interest rate, maturity date, redemption
provisions and other pertinent provisions with respect to the Bonds are set
forth in the Indenture (particularly Articles II and III thereof).

     (l)  Validity of Issuer Documents.  When duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Issuer, and assuming the due authorization, execution and
delivery by the Company of this Loan Agreement, and the due authorization,
execution and delivery by the Trustee of the Indenture, each of the Issuer
Documents shall constitute a valid and binding obligation of the Issuer
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

     (m)  Representations and Other Written Statements.  Neither the
representations of the Issuer contained in this Loan Agreement or the
Indenture nor any written statement relating to the Issuer furnished by the
Issuer in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, contains
any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact
necessary in order to make the statements contained herein and therein not
misleading.

     Section 2.2.   Representations, Warranties and Covenants by the
                    Company.

     The Company makes the following representations as the basis for the
undertakings on its part herein contained:

     (a)  Corporate Organization and Power.  The Company is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of New Jersey and is qualified to do business and is in good standing
under the laws of the State.

     (b)  Pending Litigation.  There are no proceedings pending, or to the
knowledge of the Company threatened against or affecting the Company in any
court or before any governmental authority or arbitration board or tribunal
which are likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the
Company to perform its obligations under this Loan Agreement and the Bond
Documents to which it is a party.

     (c)  Agreements Are Legal and Authorized.  The execution and delivery
by the Company of this Loan Agreement, the Note and the Bond Documents to
which it is a party and the compliance by the Company with all of the
provisions hereof (and thereof) (i) are within the corporate power of the
Company, (ii) after giving effect to the redemption of the Prior Bonds will
not conflict with or result in any breach of any of the provisions of, or
constitute a default under any agreement, charter document, by-law or other
instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it may be bound, and
(iii) have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company.

     (d)  No Defaults.  No event has occurred and no condition exists with
respect to the Company that would constitute an Event of Default under this
Loan Agreement, the Note, the Bond Documents to which it is a party or the
Indenture or which, with the lapse of time or with the giving of notice or
both, would become an Event of Default under this Loan Agreement, the Note,
the Indenture or the Bond Documents to which it is a party.

     (e)  Nature and Location of Project.  The Project has been completed
in accordance with the Project Summary (described in Exhibit "B" attached
hereto and made a part hereof), constitutes a "project" within the meaning
of the Act and is located wholly within the geographic limits of the
Issuer.

     (f)  Ownership and Operation of Project.  The Company presently
intends to operate the Project as a manufacturing facility from the date
hereof to the expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement as
provided herein, and as a "project" within the meaning of the Act.

     (g)  Disclosure Documents.  Except as reflected or referenced in the
Private Placement Memorandum dated August 4, 1994 relating to the Bonds,
including the documents incorporated therein by reference (the "Private
Placement Memorandum"), there have been no changes in the assets or
liabilities or financial condition of the Company, other than changes in
the ordinary course of business, which in the aggregate are materially
adverse with respect to the Company's ability to perform its obligations
under this Loan Agreement or the Bond Documents to which it is a party.
There were no material liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of the Company
which were not reflected or referenced in the Private Placement Memorandum,
and the Company has not entered into any commitments or contracts since the
date of the Private Placement Memorandum which are not reflected or
referenced in the Private Placement Memorandum, other than in the ordinary
and normal course of its business, which might, in light of any fact or
condition presently known to the Company, have a materially adverse effect
upon the financial condition, operations or business of the Company or its
ability to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder.

     (h)  Issuance of Private Activity Bonds.  The Company has not caused
or will not cause the issuance of "private activity" bonds (as defined in
the Code) or of "industrial development bonds" (as defined in the 1954
Code) on its behalf in any jurisdiction of the United States during the
30-day period commencing 15 days prior to the issuance of the Bonds.

     (i)  Use of Proceeds of Bonds.  The Company shall not permit the
proceeds of the Bonds to be used in any manner, nor shall it make any
expenditures with respect to the Project or perform or permit any act,
which would cause the Bonds to fail to meet the requirements of Section
147(b) of the Code.

     (j)  No Further Approval.  No authorization, approval, consent, permit
or license of any regulatory body or authority, not already obtained, is
required on the part of the Company for the valid and lawful execution and
delivery of this Loan Agreement and the Note.

     (k)  Other Events.  To the best knowledge of the Company, no event has
occurred which, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both,
would give any creditor of the Company the right to accelerate the maturity
of any of such party's outstanding indebtedness for money borrowed.

     (l)  Certificates and Documents.  The certificates and all other
documents delivered and to be delivered by the Company in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Loan Agreement and the Note and the
other Bond Documents to which it is a party as of their respective dates,
taken as a whole, do not and will not include any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements herein and therein, in the light of the circumstances under
which they are or will be made, not misleading.  The certificates and all
other documents delivered and to be delivered by the Company or its
representatives in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Loan Agreement and the Note and the Bond Documents to which it is a party
are or will be on the dates on which they are or will be delivered true and
complete in all material respects.

     (m)  Use of Proceeds.  All of the proceeds of the sale of the Bonds
will be applied to redeem the principal of the Prior Bonds on the
redemption date thereof.  None of the proceeds of the sale of the Bonds
will be applied to pay issuance costs of the Bonds or to pay costs of the
refunding.

     (n)  Matters Relating to Tax Exemption.  The Company will not take or
omit to take any action which would impair the exclusion of the interest on
the Bonds from the gross income of the recipients thereof for federal
income tax purposes, and will comply with all of its covenants and
agreements contained in the Tax Regulatory Certificate.

     (o)  Certain Arbitrage Matters.  After the expiration of any
applicable temporary period under Section 148(d)(3) of the Code, at no time
during any bond year will the aggregate amount of gross proceeds of the
Bonds invested in higher yielding investments (within the meaning of
Section 148(b) of the Code) exceed one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the
debt service on the Bonds for such bond year and the aggregate amount of
gross proceeds of the Bonds invested in higher yielding investments, if
any, will be promptly and appropriately reduced as the amount of
outstanding Bonds are reduced, provided however that the foregoing shall
not require the sale or disposition of any investments in higher yielding
investments if such sale or disposition would result in a loss which
exceeds the amount which would be paid to the United States pursuant to
Section 504 of the Indenture (but for such sale or disposition) at the time
of such sale or disposition if a payment under Section 504 of the Indenture
were due at such time.  At no time will any funds constituting gross
proceeds of the Bonds be used in a manner as to constitute failure of
compliance with Section 148 of the Code.  The terms "bond year", "gross
proceeds", "higher yielding investments", "yield", and "debt service" have
the meanings assigned to them for purposes of Section 148 of the Code.

     (p)  Tax Regulatory Certificate.  The Company's Tax Regulatory
Certificate executed and delivered by the Company concurrently with the
issuance and delivery of the Bonds is true, accurate and complete in all
material respects as of the date on which executed and delivered.


                                ARTICLE III

                           CONSENT TO ASSIGNMENT

     Section 3.1.   Company Consent to Assignment of Agreement and
                    Execution of Indenture.

     The Company understands that the Issuer, as security for the payment
of the principal of, and the interest on, the Bonds, will assign and pledge
to, and create a security interest in favor of, the Trustee pursuant to the
Indenture in certain of its rights, title and interest in and to this Loan
Agreement including all Pledged Revenues, reserving, however, its rights
(a) pursuant to this Loan Agreement providing that notices, approvals,
consents, requests and other communications be given to the Issuer, (b) to
reimbursement and payment of costs and expenses under this Loan Agreement,
and (c) to indemnification and to exemption from liability, both individual
and corporate, as provided under this Loan Agreement, and the Company
hereby agrees and consents to such assignment and pledge.  The Company
acknowledges that it has received a copy of the Indenture and consents to
the execution of the same by the Issuer.


                                ARTICLE IV

                           ISSUANCE OF THE BONDS

     Section 4.1.   Agreement to Issue the Bonds.

     To provide funds for redemption of the Prior Bonds, the Issuer agrees
that it will authorize, sell, issue and deliver the Bonds in the aggregate
principal amount of $4,765,000 in the manner set forth in the Indenture and
cause the proceeds of the Bonds to be applied as provided in the Indenture.

     Section 4.2.   No Third Party Beneficiary.

     It is specifically agreed between the parties executing this Loan
Agreement that it is not intended by any of the provisions of any part of
this Loan Agreement to create in the public or any member thereof, other
than as may be expressly provided herein or as contemplated in the
Indenture, a third party beneficiary hereunder, or to authorize anyone not
a party to this Loan Agreement to maintain a suit for personal injuries or
property damage pursuant to the terms or provisions of this Loan Agreement.
The duties, obligations, and responsibilities of the parties to this Loan
Agreement with respect to third parties shall remain as imposed by law.


                                 ARTICLE V

               LOAN BY THE ISSUER TO THE COMPANY; REPAYMENT

     Section 5.1.   Loan by the Issuer; Repayment.

     (a)  Upon the terms and conditions of this Loan Agreement, the Issuer
shall lend to the Company the proceeds of the sale of the Bonds.  The loan
shall be evidenced by and repayable as set forth in the Note.

     (b)  As consideration for the issuance of the Bonds and the making of
the loan to the Company by the Issuer, the Company will execute and deliver
this Loan Agreement and the Note, in the form attached as Exhibit "A"
hereto, and the Issuer will endorse the Note without recourse to the order
of, and pledge the Note and assign this Loan Agreement and the Note to, the
Trustee, as the assignee of the Issuer under the Indenture,
contemporaneously with the issuance of the Bonds.  The Company shall repay
the loan in accordance with the provisions of the Note and of this Loan
Agreement.

     Section 5.2.   No Set-Off.

     The obligation of the Company to make the payments required by the
Note shall be absolute and unconditional.  The Company will pay without
abatement, diminution or deduction (whether for taxes or otherwise) all
such amounts regardless of any cause or circumstance whatsoever including,
without limitation, any defense, set-off, recoupment or counterclaim that
the Company may have or assert against the Issuer, the Trustee, any
Bondholder or any other person.

     Section 5.3.   Prepayments.

     The Company may prepay all or any part of the amounts the Note
obligates it to pay as provided in Section 701 of the Indenture with
respect to prepayment of the Bonds.  Except as provided in this Section 5.3
and in Sections 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 hereof, the Company shall not be
entitled to prepay the Note or cause the Bonds to be prepaid.  The Company
shall prepay all of the amounts it is required to prepay as provided in
Sections 10.2 and 10.3 hereof.

     Section 5.4.   Credits Against the Note.

     To the extent that principal of or interest on the Bonds shall be
paid, there shall be credited against the unpaid principal of or interest
on the Note, as the case may be, an amount equal to the principal of or
interest on the Bonds so paid.  If the principal of and interest on and
other amounts payable under the Bonds shall have been paid sufficiently
that Payment of the Bonds shall have occurred, then the Note, ipso facto,
shall be deemed to have been paid in full, the Company's obligations
thereon shall be discharged (with the exception of the obligation of the
Company to make certain payments which may subsequently arise as a result
of a Determination of Taxability which shall survive notwithstanding
Payment of the Bonds), and the Note shall be cancelled and surrendered to
the Company.

     Section 5.5.   Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement.

     As a further condition to the Issuer's making the loan hereunder, the
Company shall:

     (a)  cause the Letter of Credit to be issued and delivered to the
Trustee as security for the Bonds.  Until the Conversion Date, the Company
shall cause a Credit Facility meeting the requirements of Section 603 of
the Indenture to be maintained with the Trustee; and

     (b)  enter into the Reimbursement Agreement with the Bank in form and
substance satisfactory to the Bank and execute and deliver the other Letter
of Credit Documents required by the Bank.


                                ARTICLE VI

                       OPERATION; TAXES AND UTILITY
                   CHARGES; INSURANCE AND EMINENT DOMAIN

     Section 6.1.   Operation of the Project by the Company.

     (a)  The Company shall pay or cause to be paid all costs and expenses
of operation and maintenance of the Project.

     (b)  The Company may, at its own expense, make from time to time any
additions, modifications or improvements to the Project that it may deem
desirable for its business purposes.

     Section 6.2.   Taxes and Utility Charges.

     (a)  The Company shall pay as the same respectively become due, (1)
all taxes, assessments, levies, claims and charges of any kind whatsoever
that may at any time be lawfully assessed or levied against or with respect
to the Project (including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, any tax upon or with respect to the income or profits of the
Issuer from the Project and that, if not paid, would become a charge on the
payments to be made under this Loan Agreement or the Note prior to or on a
parity with the charge thereon created by the Indenture and including ad
valorem, sales and excise taxes, assessments and charges upon the Company's
interest in the Project), (2) all utility and other charges incurred in the
operation, maintenance, use, occupancy and upkeep of the Project and (3)
all assessments and charges lawfully made by any governmental body for
public improvements that may be secured by a lien on any portion of the
Project.

     (b)  The Company may, at its expense, contest in good faith any such
levy, tax, assessment, claim or other charge.  The Issuer and the Trustee,
at the expense of the Company, will cooperate fully in any such permitted
contest.

     (c)  The Company shall furnish the Issuer and the Trustee, upon
request, with proof of payment of any taxes, governmental charges, utility
charges, insurance premiums or other charges required to be paid by the
Company under this Loan Agreement.

     Section 6.3.   Insurance.

     Until Payment of the Bonds shall be made, the Company will keep the
Project properly and continuously insured against such risks as are
customarily insured against by businesses of like size and type engaged in
the same or similar manufacturing operations (other than business
interruption insurance).

     Section 6.4.   Eminent Domain.

     Unless the Company shall have prepaid the Note pursuant to the
provisions of Article X hereof, in the event that title to, or the
temporary use of, the Project, or any part thereof shall be taken by
Eminent Domain, the Company shall be obligated to continue to make the
payments required to be made pursuant to the Note and the Net Proceeds
received as a result of such Eminent Domain shall be applied as provided in
Section 6.5(b) hereof.

     Section 6.5.   Application of Net Proceeds of Insurance and Eminent
                    Domain.

     (a)  The Net Proceeds of the insurance carried with respect to the
Project shall be applied by the Company toward extinguishment of the defect
or claim or satisfaction of the liability with respect to which such
insurance proceeds may be paid.

     (b)  The Net Proceeds of the insurance carried with respect to the
Project (excluding the Net Proceeds of any business interruption insurance,
which shall be paid to the Company), and the Net Proceeds resulting from
Eminent Domain, except as hereinafter provided, shall be paid to the
Trustee and applied as follows:

          (1)  If the amount of the Net Proceeds does not exceed $500,000,
     the Net Proceeds shall be paid to the Company and shall be applied to
     the repair, replacement, renewal or improvement of the Project or at
     the Company's election paid to the Trustee and applied as provided in
     (2)(B) below.

          (2)  If the amount of the Net Proceeds exceeds $500,000, the Net
     Proceeds shall be paid to and held by the Trustee as a special trust
     fund and invested in accordance with Section 602 of the Indenture and
     the provisions of Article XI hereof pending receipt of written
     instructions from the Company.  At the option of the Company, to be
     exercised within the period of ninety (90) days from the receipt by
     the Trustee of such Net Proceeds, the Company shall advise the Trustee
     that (A) the Company will use the Net Proceeds for the repair,
     replacement, renewal or improvement of the Project (such funds to be
     delivered by the Trustee to the Company), or (B) the Net Proceeds
     shall be applied to the prepayment of the Bonds as provided in
     Article X hereof.  If the Company does not advise the Trustee within
     said period of ninety (90) days that it elects to proceed under clause
     (A) to use such Net Proceeds for the repair, replacement, renewal or
     improvement of the Project, such Net Proceeds shall be applied to the
     repayment of the Bonds pursuant to Article X hereof.  Any prepayment
     pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be effected on the next
     Interest Payment Date not less than thirty (30) days after the
     expiration of said period of ninety (90) days without an election by
     the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as a Credit Facility is in effect,
in the event of any inconsistency between the terms contained in this
Agreement and those contained in the Reimbursement Agreement, the
provisions of the Reimbursement Agreement should be deemed to control in
accordance with its terms.

     (c)  The Company agrees that if it shall elect to use the moneys paid
to the Trustee pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of this Section 6.5 for the
repair, replacement, renewal or improvement of the Project, it will restore
the Project, or cause the same to be done, to a condition substantially
equivalent to its condition prior to the occurrence of the event to which
the Net Proceeds were attributable.  To the extent that the Net Proceeds
are not sufficient to restore or replace the Project, the Company shall use
its own funds to restore or replace the Project.  Any balance remaining
after any such application of such Net Proceeds shall be paid to the
Company.  The Company shall be entitled to the Net Proceeds of any
insurance or resulting from Eminent Domain relating to property of the
Company not included in the Project and not providing security for the Note
or this Loan Agreement.

     Section 6.6.   Parties to Give Notice.

     In case of any material damage to or destruction of all or any part of
the Project, the Company shall give prompt notice thereof to the Issuer,
the Credit Facility Issuer and the Trustee.  In case of a taking or
proposed taking of all or any part of the Project or any right therein by
Eminent Domain, the Company shall give prompt notice thereof to the Issuer,
the Credit Facility Issuer and the Trustee.  Each such notice shall
describe generally the nature and extent of such damage, destruction,
taking loss, proceeding or negotiations.


                                ARTICLE VII

                             SPECIAL COVENANTS

     Section 7.1.   Access to the Project and Inspection.

     The Trustee and the Issuer shall have the right, at all reasonable
times upon the furnishing of reasonable notice to the Company under the
circumstances, to enter upon the Project Site and to examine and inspect
the Project.

     Section 7.2.   Further Assurances and Corrective Instruments.

     Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer and the Company
agree that they will, from time to time, execute, acknowledge and deliver,
or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered, such supplements and
amendments hereto and such further instruments as may reasonably be
required for correcting any inadequate or incorrect description of the
Project, and for carrying out the intention or facilitating the performance
of this Loan Agreement.

     Section 7.3.   Tax and Arbitrage Covenants; Notice of Event of
                    Taxability.

     (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Company covenants
and agrees that it shall at all times do and perform all acts and things
necessary or desirable and within its reasonable control in order to assure
that interest paid on the Bonds shall, for the purpose of federal income
taxation, not be included in gross income of the recipients thereof, except
in the event that such recipient is a "substantial user" or "related
person" within the meaning of Section 103(b) of the 1954 Code or Section
147(a) of the Code.

     (b)  Neither the Company nor the Issuer shall take any action or fail
to take any action, and the Company covenants that it will not approve the
Trustee's taking any action or failing to take any action or making any
investment or use of the proceeds of the Bonds, if such action, use or
failure would adversely affect the tax-exempt status of the interest on the
Bonds under Section 103 of the Code or cause any of the Bonds to be an
"arbitrage bond" within the meaning of Section 148 of the Code and the
Treasury Regulations as the same may be applicable to the Bonds at the time
of such action, investment or use.

     (c)  The Company shall give prompt written notice to the Issuer and
the Trustee of the filing by the Company of any statement, tax schedule,
return or document with the Internal Revenue Service which discloses that
an Event of Taxability shall have occurred and its receipt of any written
advice from the Internal Revenue Service that an Event of Taxability shall
have occurred.

     (d)  The Company acknowledges that it has examined, executed and
delivered the Tax Regulatory Certificate and its terms relating to
compliance with the Code and shall comply with the covenants, instructions
and guidelines contained in the Tax Regulatory Certificate.  The Company's
obligation to make any payments of Rebate Amounts (as defined in the Tax
Regulatory Certificate) required by the Tax Regulatory Certificate and to
prepare and furnish to the Issuer and the Trustee the statements and forms
described therein shall survive payment in full of the Bonds
notwithstanding any provision of this Loan Agreement to the contrary.

     (e)  The Company and the Issuer will furnish accurate information
necessary to enable Bond Counsel to make any certifications which might be
required under the Regulations.

     (f)  Whenever the Issuer shall be required to file, deliver or
execute, or produce any reports, notices or other documents under the Code
or the Regulations while the Bonds are outstanding, the Company shall
furnish or cause the proper person to furnish in due time to the Issuer,
through the attorney for the Issuer, the completed form of such report,
notice or other required document together with (a) a certification by the
Company or other proper person required to provide information that such
document is accurate, and (b) if requested by the Issuer or if otherwise
required herein or in the Indenture, an opinion of Bond Counsel addressed
to the Issuer that the report or other document is not in violation of any
provision of law or of the Issuer Documents or other documents constituting
a part of the transcript of proceedings relating to the issuance of the
Bonds and that such report, notice or other required document meets the
legal requirements for such filing, delivery or execution.  In the event of
the failure or refusal of the Company or other proper person to comply with
this provision, the Company agrees to pay the statement for attorney's fees
and administrative time presented by the Issuer for filing, delivering or
executing such report or documents, such statement to be paid within thirty
(30) days after written notice to the Company by the Issuer.

     In order to insure that interest on the Bonds is not and will not
become subject to federal income taxes as a result of failure of the Bonds
to satisfy the requirement of Section 149(e) of the Code, the Company
covenants with the Issuer and the Trustee that it will, on or before the
date of issuance of the Bonds supply to the Issuer and the Trustee all
information required under Internal Revenue Service Form 8038, Information
Return for Private Activity Bond Issues (Form 8038), including without
limitation the following:

     (a)  the date of issue, the amount of lendable proceeds of the issue,
and the stated interest rate, term and face amount of each obligation which
is part of the issue;

     (b)  the name of the applicable elected representative who approved
the issue, or a description of the voter referendum by which the issue was
approved; and

     (c)  a description of any property to be financed from the proceeds of
the issue.

     The Company further covenants that on or before the due date thereof,
it will cause Form 8038 to be completed, executed and filed with the
appropriate office of the Internal Revenue Service.

     Section 7.4.   Recording and Filing; Other Instruments.

     (a)  The Company covenants that it will, at its expense, cause Counsel
in the State to take all steps as are reasonably necessary to render an
opinion to the Issuer and the Trustee not earlier than sixty (60) nor later
than thirty (30) days prior to each anniversary date occurring at five-year
intervals after the issuance of the Bonds to the effect that all financing
statements, continuation statements, notices and other instruments required
by applicable law have been recorded or filed or re-recorded or re-filed in
such manner and in such places required by law in order fully to preserve
and protect the rights of the Trustee in the granting by the Issuer of
certain rights of the Issuer, pursuant to the Indenture, under this Loan
Agreement and the Note.

     (b)  The Company and the Issuer shall execute and deliver all
instruments and shall furnish all information and evidence deemed necessary
or advisable by such Counsel to enable him to render the opinion referred
to in subsection (a) of this Section.  The Company shall file and re-file
and record and re-record or cause to be filed and re-filed and recorded and
re-recorded all instruments required to be filed and re-filed and recorded
or re-recorded pursuant to the opinion of such Counsel and shall continue
or cause to be continued the liens of such instruments for so long as the
Bonds shall be outstanding, except as otherwise required by this Loan
Agreement.

     Section 7.5.   Administrative Expenses.

     The Company shall pay to or for the account of the Issuer within
thirty (30) days after notice thereof all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by the Issuer in connection with the financing and administration
of the Project, including, without limitation, the costs of administering
this Loan Agreement and the fees and expenses of the Trustee, attorneys,
consultants and others.

     Section 7.6.   Indemnity Against Claims.

     (a)  The Company will pay and discharge and will indemnify and hold
harmless the Issuer and the Trustee from (1) any lien or charge upon
amounts payable hereunder by the Company to the Issuer, (2) any taxes,
assessments, impositions and other charges in respect of the Project, and
(3) any claim of any kind or character whatsoever arising from, connected
with or in any way related to the Bonds or the Project except such claims
that result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuer
or the Trustee.

     (b)  If any claim of any such lien or charge upon payments, or any
such taxes, assessments, impositions or other charges, are sought to be
imposed, the Issuer or the Trustee, as the case may be, will give prompt
notice to the Company, and the Company shall have the sole right and duty
to assume, and shall assume, the defense thereof, with full power to
litigate, compromise or settle the same in its sole discretion.

     Section 7.7.   Release and Indemnification.

     The Company shall at all times protect and hold the Issuer and its
members, officers, employees and agents harmless against any claims or
liability resulting from any loss or damage to property or any injury to or
death of any person that may be occasioned by any cause whatsoever
pertaining to the Bonds, the Project or the use thereof, including without
limitation any lease thereof or assignment of its interest in this
Agreement, such indemnification to include reasonable expenses and
attorneys' fees incurred by the Issuer and its members, officers,
employees, attorneys and agents in connection therewith, provided that such
indemnity shall be effective only to the extent of any loss that may be
sustained by the Issuer, its members, officers, employees, attorneys and
agents in excess of the Net Proceeds received by it or them from any
insurance carrier with respect to such loss and provided further that the
benefits of this Section 7.7 shall not inure to any person other than the
Issuer and its members, officers, employees, attorneys and agents.  In case
any action or proceeding is brought against the Issuer or any of its
members, officers, employees or agents by reason of any such claim, the
affected party shall notify the Company and the Company shall resist or
defend such action or proceeding and control the conduct thereof; provided,
however, that the Issuer shall have the right to retain separate counsel,
with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if representation of
the Issuer would be inappropriate due to an actual conflict of interest, as
reasonably determined by the Issuer or the Company, between the Issuer and
the Company.  The Issuer and its members, officers, employees and agents
shall cooperate and join with the Company at the expense of the Company as
may be required in connection with any such action or proceeding.  The
Company shall not be responsible for any settlement reached without the
Company's consent.

     Section 7.8.   Additional Information.

     The Issuer and the Trustee are authorized to provide information
concerning the outstanding principal amount and payment history of, and
other information pertaining to, the Bonds or the Note to any agency or
regulatory authority of the State requesting such information.

     Section 7.9.   Default Certificates.

     The Company shall deliver to the Trustee forthwith, upon obtaining
knowledge of any Event of Default hereunder or under the Note, the
Indenture, or the Reimbursement Agreement, a certificate of the Company
specifying the nature and period of existence thereof and what action the
Company proposes to take with respect thereto.

     Section 7.10.  Observe Laws.

     The Company shall observe all applicable laws, regulations and other
valid requirements of any regulatory authority with respect to its
operations at the Project.

     Section 7.11.  Election.

     The Issuer hereby elects to have the provisions of Sections 144(a)(4)
of the Code apply to the Bonds.  In support of this election, the Issuer
states as follows:

     (a)  The name of the Issuer is:

          Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority

          and its address is:

           c/o Thomas K. Morrison, Esq., Morrison, Morrison & Mills, P.A.,
          Suite 100, 1200 West Platt Street, Tampa, FL  33606.

     (b)  The principal user of the Project will be:

          Leslie Controls, Inc.

          Employer Identification Number:  221063780

     (c)  The Bonds are in the principal amount of $4,765,000, and are to
be issued on August 4, 1994.  Except for the Prior Bonds (which will be
paid in full and redeemed within  90 (ninety) days of the date of issuance
of the Bonds), there are no outstanding prior issues the proceeds of which
have been or are to be used primarily with respect to facilities located or
to be located in the County, the principal users of which is or will be the
Company or any Related Persons.

     (d)  There were no "Section 103(b)(6)(d) capital expenditures by the
Issuer," as that term is defined in the Regulations, which were paid or
incurred during the three (3) years preceding the date of issuance of the
Prior Bonds to facilities located in Hillsborough County the principal user
of which is or will be the Company or any Related Person, except as
described in the Tax Regulatory Certificate of the Company.

     (e)  Except for the Bonds and the Prior Bonds, there is no outstanding
issue of qualified small issue bonds (as that term is used in Section
141(e)(1)(D) of the Code) issued on behalf of the Company, the proceeds of
which have been or will be issued primarily with respect to:

          (1)  Any facility located in whole or in part in the County; or

          (2)  Any "contiguous or integrated facility" (within the meaning
     of Section 1.103-10(b)(2)(ii)(e) of the Regulations) with respect to
     any facility located in whole or in part in the County.

     Section 7.12.  No Warranty of Condition of Suitability by the Issuer.

     THE ISSUER MAKES NO WARRANTY, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
CONDITION, TITLE, DESIGN, OPERATION, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE
PROJECT OR THAT IT IS OR WILL BE SUITABLE FOR THE COMPANY'S PURPOSES OR
NEEDS.

     Section 7.13.  Redemption of Prior Bonds.

     The Company hereby undertakes to refund the Prior Bonds on or before
November 1, 1994 pursuant to Section 401 of the Indenture.  In connection
with such refunding, the Company or Watts Industries, Inc. shall pay all
additional amounts sufficient to pay the principal of and interest on the
Prior Bonds to the date of redemption thereof and to pay directly all fees,
charges and expenses of the holders of the Prior Bonds and of the Prior
Trustee in connection with the redemption of the Prior Bonds.


                               ARTICLE VIII

                      ASSIGNMENT, LEASING AND SELLING

     Section 8.1.   Assignment of this Loan Agreement or Lease or Sale of
                    the Project by the Company.

     With the prior written consent of the Credit Facility Issuer, the
rights of the Company under this Loan Agreement may be assigned, and the
Project may be leased or sold as a whole or in part, without the necessity
of obtaining the consent of the Issuer or the Trustee, subject, however, to
the following conditions:

     (a)  without the prior written consent of the Credit Facility Issuer
and the Issuer, no assignment, transfer, sale or lease shall relieve the
Company from primary liability for any of its obligations hereunder, and if
any such assignment, transfer, sale or lease occurs, the Company shall
continue to remain primarily liable for the payments specified herein and
in the Note and for performance and observance of the other agreements on
its part herein provided to be performed and observed by it; and the
Company shall also provide the Trustee with an approving opinion of Bond
Counsel to the effect that such assignment, transfer, sale or lease will
not adversely affect the status of interest on the Bonds for federal tax
purposes.

     (b)  the assignee, lessee or purchaser shall assume the obligations of
the Company hereunder to the extent of the interest assigned, leased or
sold; and

     (c)  the Company shall, within thirty (30) days after the delivery
thereof, furnish or cause to be furnished to the Issuer and to the Trustee
a true and complete copy of each such assignment, instrument of transfer,
lease or sale agreement, as the case may be, together with any instrument
of assumption.

     Section 8.2.   Restrictions on Transfer of the Issuer's Rights.

     Except for the assignment made pursuant to the Indenture of certain of
its rights under this Loan Agreement and its pledge of the Note, endorsed
without recourse to the order of the Trustee, to the Trustee as security
pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will not during the term of this Loan
Agreement sell, assign, transfer or convey any of its interests in this
Loan Agreement or the Note.

     Section 8.3.   Assignment by the Issuer.

     It is understood, agreed and acknowledged that the Issuer, as security
for payment of the principal of and interest on the Bonds, will grant to
the Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, inter alia, certain of its right,
title and interest in and to this Loan Agreement (reserving certain of its
rights, as more particularly described in the Indenture) and will pledge
the Note, endorsed as aforesaid, to the Trustee as security, and the
Company hereby assents to such assignment and pledge.

     Section 8.4.   Merger of Issuer.

     (a)  Nothing contained in this Loan Agreement shall prevent the
consolidation of the Issuer with, or merger of the Issuer into, or transfer
of title to the Project to, any other political subdivision, provided that:

          (1)  the tax-exempt status of the interest on the Bonds shall not
     be adversely affected thereby, and

          (2)  upon such consolidation, merger or transfer, the due and
     punctual performance and observance of all the agreements and
     conditions of this Loan Agreement to be kept and performed by the
     Issuer shall be expressly assumed in writing by the political
     subdivision resulting from such consolidation or surviving such merger
     or to which such merger was made.

     (b)  Within thirty (30) days after the consummation of any such
consolidation, merger or transfer of title, the Issuer shall give notice
thereof, in reasonable detail to the Company and the Trustee.  The Issuer
promptly shall furnish such additional information with respect to any such
transaction as the Company or the Trustee reasonably may request.


                                ARTICLE IX

                      EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

     Section 9.1.   Events of Default Defined.

     The term "Event of Default" or "Default" shall mean any one or more of
the following events:

     (a)  the failure by the Company to pay or cause to be paid when due
any payment of principal of or interest on or other amount payable under
the Note.

     (b)  the failure of the Issuer to pay or cause to be paid when due any
payment of principal of or interest on or other amount payable under the
Bonds.

     (c)  the failure of the Company to perform any of its obligations
under Section 7.3 hereof.

     (d)  the occurrence of an "Event of Default" or "event of default"
under any of the other Bond Documents.

     (e)  any representation or warranty of the Company contained in
Section 2.2 hereof or in any document, instrument or certificate delivered
pursuant hereto or to the Indenture or in connection with the issuance and
sale of the Bonds shall be false, misleading or incomplete in any material
respect on the date as of which made.

     (f)  failure by the Company to observe or perform any covenant,
condition or agreement on the part of the Company under the Note or this
Loan Agreement, other than as referred to in the preceding paragraphs of
this Section 9.1, for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice,
specifying such failure and requesting that it be remedied, is given to the
Company by the Issuer or the Trustee.

     (g)  the commencement against the Company of an involuntary case under
the federal bankruptcy laws, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or
any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other
similar law, or of any action or proceeding for the appointment of a
receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or
similar official) of the Company or for any substantial part of its
property, or for the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs and the
continuance of any such case, action, or proceeding unstayed and in effect
for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days.

     (h)  the commencement by the Company of a voluntary case under the
federal bankruptcy laws, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any
other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
law, or the consent by it to, or its acquiescence in the appointment of or
taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Company or of any
substantial part of its property, or the making by it of or the consent by
it to any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of the
Company generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking
of any action by the Company in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

     Section 9.2.   Remedies on Default.

     (a)  If Payment of the Bonds shall not have been made, whenever any
Event of Default referred to in Section 9.1 hereof shall have happened and
shall not have been waived:

          (1)  The Issuer may, by written notice, declare all installments
     of principal repayable pursuant to the Note for the remainder of the
     term thereof to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same,
     together with accrued interest thereon as provided for in the Note,
     shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand,
     protest or any other notice whatsoever, all of which are hereby
     expressly waived by the Company; provided, however, all such amounts
     shall automatically be and become immediately due and payable without
     notice upon the occurrence of any event described in Section 9.1(g) or
     9.1(h) hereof, which notice the Company hereby expressly waives.

          (2)  The Issuer may take whatever other action at law or in
     equity may appear necessary or desirable to collect the amounts
     payable pursuant to the Note then due and thereafter to become due, or
     to enforce the performance and observance of any obligation, agreement
     or covenant of the Company under this Loan Agreement or under any of
     the other Bond Documents.

     (b)  In the enforcement of the remedies provided in this Section 9.2,
the Issuer may treat all reasonable expenses of enforcement including,
without limitation, legal, accounting and advertising fees and expenses, as
additional amounts payable by the Company then due and owing and the
Company agrees to pay such additional amounts upon demand.

     Section 9.3.   Application of Amounts Realized in Enforcement of
                    Remedies.

     Any amounts collected pursuant to action taken under Section 9.2
hereof shall be paid to the Trustee and applied to the payment of, first,
any costs, expenses and fees incurred by the Issuer and the Trustee as a
result of taking such action; second, to the extent permitted by law, any
interest which shall have accrued on any overdue interest and any accrued
interest on any overdue principal of the Bonds at the rate set forth in the
Bonds; third, any overdue interest on the Bonds; fourth, any overdue
principal of the Bonds; fifth, the outstanding principal balance of the
Bonds.  If Payment of the Bonds shall have been made, any remaining moneys
shall be applied in accordance with Section 911(b) of the Indenture.

     Section 9.4.   No Remedy Exclusive.

     No remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Issuer is intended
to be exclusive of any other available remedy or remedies, but each and
every such remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every
other remedy given under this Loan Agreement or now or hereafter existing
at law or in equity or by statute.  No delay or omission to exercise any
right or power accruing upon the occurrence of an Event of Default shall
impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver
thereof, but any such right and power may be exercised from time to time
and as often as may be deemed expedient.

     Section 9.5.   Agreement to Pay Attorneys' Fees and Expenses.

     In connection with any Event of Default, if the Issuer or the Trustee
employs attorneys or incurs other expenses for the collection of amounts
payable hereunder or for the enforcement of the performance or observance
of any covenants or agreements on the part of the Company herein contained,
the Company agrees that it will on demand therefor pay to the Issuer or the
Trustee the reasonable fees of such attorneys and such other reasonable
expenses so incurred by the Issuer or the Trustee.

     Section 9.6.   Correlative Waivers.

     If an event of default under Section 901 of the Indenture shall be
cured or waived and any remedial action by the Trustee rescinded, any
correlative default under this Loan Agreement shall be deemed to have been
cured or waived.


                                 ARTICLE X

                                PREPAYMENTS

     Section 10.1.  Optional Prepayments.

     (a)  The Company is hereby granted, and shall have, the option to
prepay the unpaid principal of the Note in whole or in part in accordance
with and as set forth in Section 701 of the Indenture with respect to the
prepayment of the Bonds; provided, all prepayments shall be made in
immediately available funds and with interest accrued to the date of
prepayment and that any prepayment of the Note in part shall be applied to
unpaid installments of principal in inverse order of maturity.  Any
prepayment pursuant to this subsection (a) shall be made by the Company
taking, or causing the Issuer to take, the actions required (1) for Payment
of the Bonds, in the case of prepayment of the Note in whole, or (2) to
effect prepayment of less than all of the Bonds according to their terms in
the case of a partial prepayment of the Note.

     (b)  In the event of damage, destruction or condemnation of the
Project or any part thereof, the Company may, at its option, pursuant to
Section 6.5 hereof and without penalty or premium, prepay the Note in whole
or in part; provided that any such prepayment shall be made in immediately
available funds with the interest accrued to the date of whole or partial
prepayment.  Any prepayment pursuant to this subsection (b) shall be made
by the Company taking, or causing the Issuer to take, the actions required
for the full or partial prepayment of the Bond as provided for in
subsection (a) hereof.

     (c)  To exercise the option granted in subsection (a) or (b) of this
Section 10.1, the Company shall give written notice to the Issuer and the
Trustee which shall specify therein (1) the date of the intended prepayment
of the Note, which shall not be less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty
(60) days from the date the notice is mailed and (2) the principal amount
of the Note to be prepaid.  When given, such notice shall be irrevocable by
the Company.

     Section 10.2.  Mandatory Prepayments.

     (a)  In the event of a Determination of Taxability, the Company shall,
(1) on a date selected by the Company not more than one hundred eighty
(180) days following the date of the Determination of Taxability, prepay
the entire unpaid principal balance of the Note in full and interest
thereon, without premium, as provided therein.  Immediately upon the
occurrence of a Determination of Taxability, the Company shall notify the
Issuer and the Trustee of the date selected for payment pursuant to this
Section 10.2.

     (b)  In the event any Credit Facility is not renewed and an Alternate
Credit Facility has not been provided in accordance with Section 603 of the
Indenture, the Company shall on or before the Interest Payment Date
occurring closest to but not after fifteen (15) days prior to the
expiration date of the then current Credit Facility, prepay the entire
unpaid principal balance of the Note in full.  The Company shall promptly
notify the Issuer and the Trustee of the date selected for such payment.

     Section 10.3.  Other Mandatory Prepayments.

     The amounts required to be applied to the prepayment of the Note by
Sections 5.3 and 6.5 hereof shall be applied by the Company to prepay,
together with accrued interest, all or a portion of the unpaid principal of
the Note.  Such prepayment shall be made by the Company taking, or causing
the Issuer to take, the actions required (a) for payment of the Bonds,
whether by redemption prior to the maturity or by payment at maturity, or
(b) to effect the purchase, redemption or payment at maturity of less than
all of the installments of principal of the Bonds in inverse order of their
maturities.


                                ARTICLE XI

                             REBATE PROVISIONS

     Section 11.1.  Creation of the Rebate Fund.

     (a)  The Issuer shall create and establish with the Trustee a special
trust fund in the name of the Issuer to be designated by the Trustee and
which is referred to herein as the Rebate Fund (the "Rebate Fund"), which
shall be held, invested, expended and accounted for in accordance with this
Loan Agreement.

     (b)  Moneys in the Rebate Fund shall be held in trust by the Trustee
and, subject to Section 7.3 hereof, shall be held for the benefit of the
United States as contemplated under the provisions of this Loan Agreement
and shall not be considered to be held for the benefit of the Issuer, the
Company, the Trustee or the owners of the Bonds.


                                ARTICLE XII

                               MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 12.1.  References to the Bonds Ineffective After Bonds Paid.

     Upon Payment of the Bonds, all references in this Loan Agreement to
the Bonds shall be ineffective and the Issuer and any owner of the Bonds
shall not thereafter have any rights hereunder, excepting reporting and
payment of rebate payments under Section 7.3 hereof and rights of the
Issuer to indemnification and payment of expenses contained, without
limitation, in Sections 7.5, 7.6 and 7.7 hereof.

     Section 12.2.  No Implied Waiver.

     In the event any agreement contained in the Note or this Loan
Agreement should be breached by either party and thereafter waived by the
other party, such waiver shall be limited to the particular breach so
waived and shall not be deemed to waive any other breach thereunder or
hereunder.  Neither any failure nor any delay on the part of the Trustee to
exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power
or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the
exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

     Section 12.3.  Issuer Representative.

     Whenever under the provisions of this Loan Agreement the approval of
the Issuer is required or the Issuer is required to take some action at the
request of the Company, such approval shall be made or such action shall be
taken by the Issuer Representative; and the Company, the Trustee and the
Bondholders shall be authorized to rely on any such approval or action.

     Section 12.4.  Company Representative.

     Whenever under the provisions of this Loan Agreement the approval of
the Company is required or the Company is required to take some action at
the request of the Issuer, such approval shall be made or such action shall
be taken by the Company Representative; and the Issuer, the Trustee and the
Bondholders shall be authorized to act on any such approval or action.

     Section 12.5.  Notices.

     (a)  All notices, certificates or other communications hereunder shall
be sufficiently given and shall be deemed given when delivered by hand
delivery or mailed by first class, postage prepaid, registered or certified
mail, or sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier addressed as
follows:

          (1)  if to the Issuer:        Hillsborough County Industrial
     Development
                                Authority
                              c/o Thomas K. Morrison
                              Morrison, Morrison & Mills, P.A.
                              Suite 100
                              1200 West Platt Street
                              Tampa, FL  33606;

          (2)  if to the Company:       Leslie Controls, Inc.
                              c/o Watts Industries, Inc.
                              815 Chestnut Street
                              North Andover, MA  01845
                              (Attention:  William C. McCartney, Corporate
                              Controller)

               with a copy to:  John R. LeClaire, P.C.
                              Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
                              Exchange Place
                              Boston, MA  02109

          (3)  if to the Trustee:       The First National Bank of Boston
                              150 Royall Street, Mail Stop 45-02-15
                              Canton, MA 02021
                              Attention:  Corporate Trust Division

     (b)  The Issuer, the Company or the Trustee may, by notice given
hereunder, designate from time to time any further or different addresses
to which subsequent notices, certificates or other communications shall be
sent.

     Section 12.6.  If Payment or Performance Date Is Other Than a Business
                    Day.

     If the specified or last date for the making of any payment, the
performance of any act or the exercising of any right, as provided in this
Loan Agreement, shall be a day other than a Business Day, such payment may
be made or act performed or right exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day; provided that interest shall accrue during any such period during
which payment shall not occur.

     Section 12.7.  Binding Effect.

     This Loan Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding
upon the Issuer, the Company and their respective successors and assigns,
subject to the provisions of Section 8.3 hereof.

     Section 12.8.  Severability.

     In the event any provision of this Loan Agreement or the Note shall be
held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such
holding shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any other provision
hereof or thereof.

     Section 12.9.  Amendments, Changes and Modifications.

     Subsequent to the issuance of the Bonds and prior to Payment of the
Bonds, this Loan Agreement and the other Bond Documents, may not be
effectively amended, changed, modified, altered or terminated except in
accordance with the Indenture.

     Section 12.10.  Execution in Counterparts.

     This Loan Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of
which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and
the same instrument, and no one counterpart of which need be executed by
all parties.

     Section 12.11.  Applicable Law.

     This Loan Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State.

     Section 12.12.  No Charge Against Issuer Credit.

     No provision hereof shall be construed to impose a charge against the
general credit of the Issuer or any personal or pecuniary liability upon
any member, official, employee or agent of the Issuer.

     Section 12.13.  Issuer Not Liable.

     Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Agreement (a) the
Issuer shall not be liable to the Company, the Trustee, any Bondholder or
any other Person for any failure of the Issuer to take action under this
Loan Agreement, and (b) except with respect to any action for specific
performance or any action in the nature of a prohibitory or mandatory
injunction, neither the Issuer nor any officer or member of the Issuer nor
any other official, employee, attorney or agent of the Issuer shall be
liable to the Company, the Trustee, any Bondholder or any other Person for
any action taken by the Issuer or by any of its officers, servants, agents
or employees or for any failure to take action under this Loan Agreement or
the Indenture except for the Issuer's willful misconduct.  In acting under
this Loan Agreement, or in refraining from acting under this Loan
Agreement, the Issuer may conclusively rely on the advice of its counsel.

     Section 12.14.  Expenses.

     The Company agrees to pay all reasonable fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, modification, waiver,
and amendment of this Loan Agreement, the other Bond Documents and related
documents, and the fees and expenses of bond counsel, counsel for the
Issuer and counsel for the Trustee in connection therewith or in connection
with any transactions contemplated thereby.  The Company also agrees to pay
to the Trustee, as and when the same become due, its reasonable fees for
services rendered and its expenses incurred as Trustee, including the
reasonable fees of its counsel, and such other amounts as the Company
herein assumes or agrees to pay, including costs or expenses necessary to
cancel and discharge the Indenture.  The Company also agrees to pay all
expenses incurred by the Trustee or the Issuer in collection of any
indebtedness incurred hereunder in the event of default by the Company,
including reasonable attorneys fees.

     Section 12.15.  Amounts Remaining with the Trustee.

     Any amounts remaining in the Bond Fund or otherwise in trust with the
Trustee under the Indenture or this Loan Agreement shall, after Payment of
the Bonds and all Administrative Expenses in accordance with this Loan
Agreement, be disbursed by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions of
the Indenture or otherwise as may be required by law.

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer and the Company have caused this Loan
Agreement to be executed in their respective legal names by their duly
authorized representatives all as of the date first above written.

                               LESLIE CONTROLS, INC.


                               By  /s/ (Signature)
                                 Its: Assistant Treasurer


                               HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
                               AUTHORITY


                               By  /s/ (Signature)
                                 Its: Chairman


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

                    LETTER OF CREDIT, REIMBURSEMENT AND
                            GUARANTY AGREEMENT


                         Dated as of July 1, 1994

<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS



                                                                      Pages


ARTICLE I       DEFINITIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     3


ARTICLE II      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE
                GUARANTOR. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10

       2.1.     Incorporation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10
       2.2.     Power and Authority; No Conflicts;
                Enforceability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10
       2.3.     Financial Condition. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11
       2.4.     Title to Property and Assets . . . . . . . . . . .    11
       2.5.     Litigation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11
       2.6.     Taxes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    11
       2.7.     Trademarks, Franchises and Licenses. . . . . . . .    12
       2.8.     No Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    12
       2.9.     Governmental Authority . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    12
       2.10.    ERISA Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    12
       2.11.    Pollution and Environmental Control;
                Hazardous Substances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    12
       2.12.    Capital Structure. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
       2.13.    Solvent Financial Condition. . . . . . . . . . . .    13
       2.14     Restrictions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
       2.15.    Full Disclosure. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
       2.16.    Labor Relations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    13
       2.17.    Compliance with Laws . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
       2.18     Brokers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
       2.19     Trade Relations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
       2.20     Investment Company Act . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14
       2.21.    Survival of Representations and
                Warranties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    14


ARTICLE III     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE 
                BORROWER . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15

       3.1.     Incorporation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15
       3.2.     Power and Authority. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15
       3.3.     Governmental Authority . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15
       3.4.     Project Site . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    15
       3.5.     Survival of Representatives
                and Warranties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    16

ARTICLE IV      TERMS OF LETTER OF CREDIT, REIMBURSEMENT,
                OTHER PAYMENTS AND GUARANTY. . . . . . . . . . . .    17

       4.1.     Letter of Credit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    17
       4.2.     Reimbursement and Other Payments . . . . . . . . .    17
       4.3.     Tender Advances. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    17
       4.4.     Commission and Fee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    19
       4.5.     Increased Costs  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    19
       4.6.     Computation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    19
       4.7.     Payment Procedure. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    19
       4.8.     Business Days. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
       4.9.     Reimbursement of Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
       4.10.    Expiration Date. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
       4.11.    Guaranty . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    20
       4.12.    Obligations Absolute . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    21
       4.13.    Waiver of Guarantor's Rights . . . . . . . . . . .    22


ARTICLE V       SECURITY; INSURANCE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    24

       5.1.     Security . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    24
       5.2.     Casualty and Liability Insurance 
                Required . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    24
       5.3.     Notice of Casualty or Taking . . . . . . . . . . .    24


ARTICLE VI      AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    25

       6.1.     Financial Reports and Other Data
                and Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    25
       6.2.     Books, Records and Inspections . . . . . . . . . .    26
       6.3.     Maintenance of Property, Insurance . . . . . . . .    27
       6.4.     Corporate Franchises . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    27
       6.5.     Compliance with Statutes, etc. . . . . . . . . . .    27
       6.6.     ERISA. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    27
       6.7.     Performance of Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . .    28
       6.8.     Taxes and Liens. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    28
       6.9.     Payment of Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    28
       6.10.    Environmental Matters. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    29


ARTICLE VII     NEGATIVE COVENANTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    30

       7.1.     Negative Pledge; Liens . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    30
       7.2.     Consolidation or Merger. . . . . . . . . . . . . .    31
       7.3.     Sale of Assets, Dissolution, Etc.. . . . . . . . .    31
       7.4.     Loans and Investments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    31
       7.5.     Consolidated Total Liabilities to
                Consolidated Tangible Net Worth. . . . . . . . . .    32
       7.6.     Coverage Ratio . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    32
       7.7.     Current Ratio. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    32
       7.8.     Consolidated Net Worth . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    32


ARTICLE VIII    CONDITIONS TO ISSUANCE OF LETTER OF 
                CREDIT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    33

       8.1.     Conditions of Issuance . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    33
       8.2.     Additional Conditions Precedent to
                Issuance of the Letter of Credit . . . . . . . . .    34
       8.3.     Conditions Precedent to Each 
                Tender Advance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    34


ARTICLE IX      DEFAULT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    36

       9.1.     Events of Default. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    36
       9.2.     No Remedy Exclusive. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    38


ARTICLE X       MISCELLANEOUS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    39

       10.1.    Indemnification. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    39
       10.2.    Transfer of Letter of Credit . . . . . . . . . . .    40
       10.3.    Reduction of Letter of Credit. . . . . . . . . . .    40
       10.4.    Liability of the Bank. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    40
       10.5.    Successors and Assigns . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    41
       10.6.    Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    41
       10.7.    Amendment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
       10.8.    Effect of Delay and Waivers. . . . . . . . . . . .    42
       10.9.    Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
       10.10.   Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
       10.11.   Cost of Collection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
       10.12.   Set Off. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    42
       10.13.   Governing Law. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    43
       10.14.   References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    43
       10.15.   Consent to Jurisdiction, Venue . . . . . . . . . .    43


EXHIBIT A       Form of Letter of Credit
EXHIBIT B       Representations of the Guarantor;
                Representations of the Borrower
EXHIBIT C       Liens
EXHIBIT D       Insurance
EXHIBIT E       Opinion of Counsel to the Borrower and the Guarantor
EXHIBIT F       Opinion of Bond Counsel

<PAGE>

                    LETTER OF CREDIT, REIMBURSEMENT and
                            GUARANTY AGREEMENT


         THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of July 1, 1994 by and among LESLIE
CONTROLS, INC., a New Jersey corporation ("the Borrower"), WATTS
INDUSTRIES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("the Guarantor"), and THE FIRST
UNION NATIONAL BANK OF NORTH CAROLINA, a national banking association
organized and existing under the laws of the United States with its
principal offices located in Charlotte, North Carolina (the "Bank");

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

         WHEREAS, arrangements have been made pursuant to a Trust Indenture
of even date herewith (the "Indenture") between the Hillsborough County
Industrial Development Authority (the "Issuer") and The First National Bank
of Boston, Boston, Massachusetts (the "Trustee") for the issuance and sale
by the Issuer of its Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Leslie
Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1994 in the original aggregate principal
amount of $4,765,000 (the "Bonds"); and

         WHEREAS, the Bonds have been issued for the purpose of refunding
in whole the outstanding principal amount of the Issuer's Industrial
Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Leslie Controls Project), Series 1986
in the original aggregate principal amount of $7,200,000 (the "Prior
Bonds"), the proceeds of which were used to finance, in whole or in part,
the cost of acquiring, constructing and installing a certain project in
Hillsborough County, Florida (the "Project") owned and operated by the
Borrower; and

         WHEREAS, in order to enhance the marketability of the Bonds, the
Borrower has requested the Bank to issue an irrevocable direct pay letter
of credit in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (such letter of credit
or any successor or substitute letter of credit issued by the Bank herein
individually and collectively called the "Letter of Credit") in an
aggregate amount not exceeding $5,003,250, of which (a) $4,765,000 shall
support the payment of principal or portion of the purchase price
corresponding to principal of the Bonds and (b) $238,250 shall support the
payment of up to 120 days' interest or portion of the purchase price
corresponding to interest on the Bonds at an assumed interest rate of 15%
per annum; and

         WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to the issuance of the Letter of
Credit, the Bank has requested and the Guarantor has agreed to
unconditionally guarantee the obligations of the Borrower hereunder as
hereinafter provided;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good
and valuable consideration, including the covenants, terms and conditions
hereinafter appearing, and to induce the Bank to issue the Letter of
Credit, the Borrower and the Guarantor do hereby covenant and agree with
the Bank as follows:

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE I

                                Definitions

         All words and terms defined in Article I of the Loan Agreement
shall have the same meanings in this Agreement, unless otherwise
specifically defined herein.  The terms defined in this Article I have, for
all purposes of this Agreement, the meanings specified hereinabove or in
this Article, unless defined elsewhere herein or the context clearly
requires otherwise.

         1.1.  "Affiliate" means any person, corporation, association or
other business entity which directly or indirectly controls, or is
controlled by, or is under common control with the Borrower or the
Guarantor.

         1.2.  "Agreement" shall mean this Letter of Credit, Reimbursement
and Guaranty Agreement, as the same may from time to time be amended,
modified or supplemented in accordance with the terms hereof.

         1.3.  "Alternate Credit Facility" means any irrevocable direct pay
letter of credit, insurance policy or similar credit enhancement or support
facility for the benefit of the Trustee, the terms of which Alternate
Credit Facility shall in all respects material to the registered owners of
the Bonds be the same (except for the term set forth in such Alternate
Credit Facility) as those of the Letter of Credit.

         1.4.  "Bankruptcy Code" means 11 U.S.C. (section) 101 et seq., as 
amended.

         1.5.  "Bondholder" or "Bondholders" means the initial and any
future registered owners of the Bond or Bonds as registered on the books
and records of the Bond Registrar pursuant to Section 204 of the Indenture.

         1.6.  "Bond Documents" means, collectively, the Loan Agreement,
the Note, the Remarketing Agreement, the Tender Agency Agreement, the
Indenture, the Security Instruments and the Bonds, as the same may be
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with
their respective terms.

         1.7.  "Borrower" means Leslie Controls, Inc., a New Jersey
corporation.

         1.8.  "Cash and Cash Equivalents"  means as to any Person at a
particular date, the aggregate amount of all items categorized as "cash"
and "cash equivalents" on the balance sheet of such Person, as determined
in accordance with GAAP.

         1.09.  "Consistent Basis" means, in reference to the application
of GAAP, that the accounting principles observed in the period referred to
are comparable in all material respects to those applied in the preceding
period, except as to any changes consented to by the Bank.

         1.10.  "Consolidated Net Income" means the consolidated gross
revenues of the Guarantor and the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of each for
such period less all expenses and other proper charges for such period
(including taxes on or measured by income) determined in accordance with
GAAP.  

         1.11.  "Consolidated Net Worth" of the Guarantor and the Borrower
and the Subsidiaries of each shall mean at any time as of which the amount
thereof is to be determined, the sum of the Net Worth of such Persons.

         1.12.  "Consolidated Subsidiaries" means the Subsidiaries of the
Guarantor included in the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Guarantor from time to time.  

         1.13.  "Consolidated Tangible Net Worth" of the Guarantor and the
Borrower and the Subsidiaries of each shall mean at any time as of which
the amount thereof is to be determined, the Consolidated Net Worth less,
the sum of the following (without duplication of deductions in respect of
items already deducted in arriving at surplus and retained earnings):  (a)
all reserves, except legal reserves and other contingency reserves (i.e.,
reserves not allocated to specific purposes and not deducted from assets),
which are properly treated as appropriations of surplus or retained
earnings; (b) the book value of all assets which would be treated as
intangibles under GAAP including, without limitation, capitalized expenses,
goodwill, trademarks, trade names, franchises, copyrights, patents and
unamortized debt discount and expense; and (c) any treasury stock.

         1.14.  "Consolidated Total Liabilities" means the sum of the Total
Liabilities of the Guarantor and the Borrower and the Subsidiaries of each
at any time as of which the amount thereof is to be determined.

         1.15.  "Consultant" means any third-party architect or engineer
satisfactory to the Bank.

         1.16.  "Current Assets" means Cash and Cash Equivalents and all
other assets or resources of a Person which are expected to be realized in
cash, sold in the ordinary course of business, or consumed within one year,
all determined in accordance with GAAP.

         1.17.  "Current Liabilities" means the amount of all liabilities
of a Person which by their terms are payable within one year (including all
indebtedness payable on demand or maturing not more than one year from the
date of computation and the current portion of long-term debt), all
determined in accordance with GAAP.

         1.18.  "Default" means an event or condition the occurrence of
which would, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both,
become an Event of Default.

         1.19.  "Distribution" means in respect of any corporation means
and includes:  (i) the payment of any dividends or other distributions on
capital stock of the corporation (except distributions in such stock) and
(ii) the redemption or acquisition of its Securities unless made
contemporaneously from the net proceeds of the sale of its Securities.

         1.20.  "Environmental Laws" means all federal, state and local
laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, programs, permits, guidances, orders
and consent decrees relating to health, safety and environmental matters,
including, but not limited to, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act;
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of
1980; the Toxic Substances Control Act, as amended; the Clean Water Act;
the River and Harbor Act; the Water Pollution Control Act; the Marine
Protection Research and Sanctuaries Act; the Deep-Water Port Act; the Safe
Drinking Water Act; the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of
1986; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act; the Mineral
Lands and Leasing Act; the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act;
state and federal superlien and environmental cleanup programs and laws;
and U.S. Department of Transportation regulations.

         1.21.  "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended, including any rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

         1.22.  "ERISA Affiliate" means a Person under common control with
the Guarantor within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, or Section 4001(b) of ERISA.  

         1.23.  "Event of Default" means an Event of Default as defined in
Section 9.1 hereof.  

         1.24.  "Expiration Date" means July 29, 1997, the expiration date
of the Letter of Credit, as such date may be extended in accordance with
the terms of Section 4.10 hereof.

         1.25.  "GAAP" means those principles of accounting set forth in
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and its
predecessors or pronouncements of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants or those principles of accounting which have other
substantial authoritative support and are applicable in the circumstances
as of the date of application, as such principles are from time to time
supplemented or amended.

         1.26.  "Guarantor" means Watts Industries, Inc., a Delaware
corporation. 

         1.27.  "Indebtedness" means with respect to any Person, all
indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, all indebtedness of such
Person for the acquisition of property other than purchase of products and
merchandise in the ordinary course of business, indebtedness secured by and
any lien, pledge or other encumbrance on the property of such Person
whether or not such indebtedness is assumed, all liability of such Person
by way of endorsements (other than for collection or deposit in the
ordinary course of business); all guarantees of Indebtedness of any other
Person by such Person (including any agreement, contingent or otherwise, to
purchase any obligation representing such Indebtedness or property
constituting security therefor, or to advance or supply funds for such
purpose or to maintain working capital or other balance sheet or income
statement condition, or any other arrangement in substance effecting any of
the foregoing); all leases and other items which in accordance with GAAP
are classified as liabilities on a balance sheet; provided that in no event
shall the term Indebtedness include capital stock, surplus and retained
earnings, minority interests in the common stock of subsidiaries, reserves
for deferred income taxes and investment credits, other deferred credits
and reserves, and deferred compensation obligations.

         1.28.  "Lien" means any interest in Property securing an
obligation owed to, or a claim by, a Person other than the owner of the
Property, whether such interest is based on the common law, statute or
contract, and including, but not limited to, the security interest,
security title or lien arising from a security agreement, mortgage, deed of
trust, deed to secure debt, encumbrance, pledge, conditional sale or trust
receipt or a lease, consignment or bailment for security purposes.  For the
purpose of this Agreement, the Borrower or the Guarantor, respectively,
shall be deemed to be the owner of any Property which it has acquired or
holds subject to a conditional sale agreement or other arrangement pursuant
to which title to the Property has been retained by or vested in some other
Person for security purposes.

         1.29.  "Material Adverse Effect" means a material adverse effect
on the business, operations or financial condition of the Guarantor and its
Subsidiaries or if applicable, such other Person, taken as a whole.  

         1.30.  "Money Borrowed" as applied to Indebtedness, means (i)
Indebtedness for borrowed money; (ii) Indebtedness, whether or not in any
such case the same was for borrowed money, (A) which is represented by
notes payable or drafts accepted that evidence extensions of credit, (B)
which constitutes obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or
similar instruments, or (C) upon which interest charges are customarily
paid (other than accounts payable) or that was issued or assumed as full or
partial payment for Property; (iii) Indebtedness that constitutes a
Capitalized Lease Obligation; and (iv) Indebtedness under any guaranty of
obligations that would constitute Indebtedness for Money Borrowed under
clauses (i) through (iii) hereof.

         1.31.  "Net Worth" means the amount of issued and outstanding
share capital, plus the amount of additional paid-in capital, retained
earnings (or, in the case of a deficit, minus the amount of such deficit),
determined in accordance with GAAP.

         1.32.  "Obligations" means all loans and all other advances,
debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing, arising, due
or payable from the Borrower to the Bank of any kind or nature, present or
future, whether or not evidenced by any note, guaranty or other instrument,
whether arising under this Agreement or any of the other Bond Documents or
Security Instruments or otherwise, whether direct or indirect (including
those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, primary or
secondary, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and
however acquired.  The term includes, without limitation, all interest,
charges, expenses, fees, attorney's fees and any other sums chargeable to
the Borrower under any of the Bond Documents or Security Instruments.

         1.33.  "Officer's Certificate" means the Certificate of the Chief
Financial Officer or the Controller of the Borrower or the Guarantor, as
the case shall be, as approved by the Bank.

         1.34.  "Other Agreements" means any and all agreements,
instruments and documents (other than this Agreement and the Security
Instruments), heretofore, now or hereafter executed by the Borrower or the
Guarantor or the Subsidiaries of either or any of them and delivered to the
Bank in respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

         1.35.  "Permitted Encumbrances" means and includes:

               (a)  liens for taxes and assessments not delinquent or which
         are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and
         against which adequate reserves have been provided for on the
         books of the Guarantor or the Borrower, as applicable;

               (b)  worker's, mechanic's and materialmen's liens and
         similar liens incurred in the ordinary course of business
         remaining undischarged or unstayed for not longer than 60 days
         following Borrower's notice of the attachment thereof;

               (c)  attachments remaining undischarged or unstayed for not
         longer than 60 days from the making thereof;

               (d)  liens in respect of final judgments or awards remaining
         undischarged or unstayed for not longer than 60 days from the
         making thereof;

               (e)  liens in respect of pledges or deposits under worker's
         compensation laws, liens to secure customs bonds, unemployment
         insurance or similar legislation and in respect of pledges or
         deposits to secure bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts
         for the payment of money), leases or statutory obligations, or in
         connection with surety, appeal and similar bonds incidental to the
         conduct of litigation;

               (f)  any other liens, easements, encumbrances, rights of way
         and clouds on title included within the term "Permitted
         Encumbrances" as defined in the Deed to Secure Debt and Security
         Agreement.

         1.36.  "Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation,
trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization, association, or a
government, or agency or political subdivision or instrumentality thereof.

         1.37.  "Plan" means a pension plan (other than a multiemployer
pension plan as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA) that is subject to Title
IV of ERISA.  

         1.38.  "Pledge Agreement" means the Pledge Agreement of even date
herewith from the Borrower to the Bank.

         1.39.  "Prime Rate" means the interest rate publicly announced
from time to time by the Bank to be its prime rate, which may not
necessarily be its best lending rate.  In the event the Bank shall abolish
or abandon the practice of announcing its Prime Rate or should the same be
unascertainable, the Bank shall designate a comparable reference rate which
shall be deemed to be the Prime Rate under this Agreement.

         1.40.  "Private Placement Memorandum" means the Private Placement
Memorandum dated July 29, 1994 relating to the Bonds.

         1.41.  "Prohibited Transaction" means any transaction set forth in
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended from time to time.

         1.42.  "Project" means the manufacturing facility acquired,
constructed and installed with the proceeds of the Prior Bonds, owned and
operated by the Borrower in Hillsborough County, Florida.

         1.43.  "Property" means any interest in any kind of property or
asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible.

         1.44.  "Reportable Event" means any of the events set forth in
Section 4043(b) of ERISA other than those events for which the obligation
to notify the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") has been waived
under 29 C.F.R. Part 2615.

         1.45.  "Security" means shall have the same meaning as in Section
2(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

         1.46.  "Security Instruments" means, collectively, the Pledge
Agreement and any and all Other Agreements.

         1.47.  "Solvent" means as to any Person, such Person (i) owns
Property whose fair saleable value is greater than the amount required to
pay all of such Person's Indebtedness (including contingent debts), (ii) is
able to pay all of its Indebtedness as such Indebtedness matures and (iii)
has capital sufficient to carry on its business and transactions and all
business and transactions in which it is about to engage.

         1.48.  "Subsidiary" or "Subsidiaries" means, as to any Person, any
corporation whether organized and existing under the laws of any state of
the United States, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, or
under the laws of any foreign country, of which more than 50% of voting
stock at any time is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the
Borrower or the Guarantor, as applicable.

         1.49.  "Tender Advance" has the meaning assigned to that term in
Section 4.3 of this Agreement.

         1.50.  "Tender Draft" has the meaning assigned to that term in the
Letter of Credit.

         1.51.  "Termination Date" means the last day a drawing is
available under the Letter of Credit.

         1.52.  "Trustee" means any Person or group of Persons at the time
serving as corporate fiduciary under the Indenture.

         1.53.  "Uniform Customs and Practice" shall mean the Uniform
Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, 1994 Revision, ICC
Publication No. 500.  

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE II

              Representations and Warranties of the Guarantor

         The Guarantor represents and warrants to the Bank (which
representations and warranties shall survive the delivery of the documents
mentioned herein and the issuance of the Letter of Credit) that:

         2.1.  Incorporation.  Each of the Guarantor and its Consolidated
Subsidiaries is a corporation, partnership or joint venture, respectively,
duly organized, existing and in good standing under the laws of its
respective jurisdiction, except where the failure to be in good standing
would not have a Material Adverse Effect and has the corporate or other
power to own its respective properties and to carry on its respective
business as now or at such future time being conducted, and is duly
qualified as a foreign corporation or otherwise to do business in every
jurisdiction in which the failure to be so qualified would have a Material
Adverse Effect.  On the date of the execution and delivery of this
Agreement, the Guarantor has the respective Consolidated Subsidiaries shown
on Exhibit B hereto, and no other Subsidiaries.  

         2.2.  Power and Authority; No Conflicts; Enforceability.  It is
duly authorized under all applicable provisions of law to execute, deliver
and perform this Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is a party,
and all corporate action on its part required for the lawful execution,
delivery and performance hereof and thereof has been duly taken; and this
Agreement and the Other Agreements to which it is a party, upon the due
execution and delivery hereof, will be the valid, binding and legal
obligation of the Guarantor enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to general
principles of equity.  Neither the execution of this Agreement, nor the
fulfillment of or compliance with the respective provisions and terms
hereof, will (A) conflict with, or result in a breach of the terms,
conditions or provisions of, or constitute a violation of or default under
any applicable law, regulation, judgment, writ, order or decree to which
the Guarantor or any Consolidated Subsidiary or any of their respective
properties are subject, or the charter or bylaws of the Guarantor or any
Consolidated Subsidiary, or any agreement or instrument to which the
Guarantor or any Consolidated Subsidiary is now a party and (b) create any
lien, charge or encumbrance upon any of the property or assets of the
Guarantor or any Consolidated Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any
agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor or any Subsidiary is a party
or by which they, or any of them, or any of their respective properties,
are bound except pursuant to the Security Instruments.

         2.3.  Financial Condition.  The consolidated balance sheet of the
Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended as of
June 30, 1993 and the fiscal quarters ended September 30, 1993,
December 31, 1993 and March 31, 1994, and the related consolidated
statements of income and retained earnings and changes in financial
position for the period then ended, copies of which have been furnished to
the Bank, are correct, complete and fairly present the financial condition
of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in all material respects
as at the respective date of said balance sheets, and the results of its
respective operations for each such period.  The Guarantor and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries do not have any material direct or contingent
liabilities as of the date of this Agreement which are not provided for or
reflected in the balance sheets dated March 31, 1994, or referred to in
notes thereto or set forth in Exhibit B hereto.  There has been no material
adverse change in the business, properties or condition, financial or
otherwise, of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries since
March 31, 1994.

         2.4.  Title to Property and Assets.  It has good and marketable
title to its Property, including the properties and assets reflected in the
financial statements and notes thereto described in Section 2.3 hereof,
except for such assets as have been disposed of since the date of said
financial statements in the ordinary course of business or as are no longer
useful in the conduct of its business, and all such properties and assets
are free and clear of all material Liens, mortgages, pledges, encumbrances
or charges of any kind except Liens reflected in the financial statements
or Exhibit B hereto or permitted under Section 7.2 hereof.

         2.5.  Litigation.  There are no pending or, to the best of its
knowledge, threatened material actions, suits or proceedings before any
court, arbitrator or governmental or administrative body or agency which
may materially adversely affect the properties, business or condition,
financial or otherwise, of the Guarantor and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis, except as disclosed in the financial statements
and notes thereto described in Section 2.3 hereof or Exhibit B hereto.

         2.6.  Taxes.  It has filed all material tax returns required to be
filed by it and all material taxes due with respect thereto have been paid,
and except as described in Exhibit B hereto, no controversy in respect of a
material amount of additional taxes, state, federal or foreign, of the
Guarantor is pending, or, to the knowledge of the Guarantor, threatened. 
The federal income taxes of the Guarantor have been examined and reported
on or closed by applicable statutes for all fiscal years to and including
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1990, and adequate reserves have been
established for the payment of all such taxes for periods ended subsequent
to June 30, 1990.

         2.7.  Trademarks, Franchises and Licenses.  It owns, possesses, or
has the right to use all necessary material patents, licenses, franchises,
trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights and copyrights
to conduct business as now conducted, without known conflict with any
patent, license, franchise, trademark, trade name, or copyright of any
other Persons.

         2.8.  No Default.  It is not in default in the performance,
observance or fulfillment of any of its material obligations, covenants or
conditions contained in any agreement or instrument to which it is a party
or by which it may be bound, the effect of which default would allow any
Person to cause such obligation under the agreement or instrument to become
due prior to its stated maturity.

         2.9.  Governmental Authority.  It has received the written
approval of all federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities,
if any, necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement, and no further
governmental consents or approvals are required in the making or
performance of this Agreement by it.

         2.10.  ERISA Requirements.  It has not incurred any material
liability to the PBGC established under ERISA (or any successor thereto
under ERISA) in connection with any Plan established or maintained by it or
by any Person under common control with it (within the meaning of
Section 414(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), or of Section 4001(b) of ERISA), or in which its employees are
entitled to participate.  No such Plan has incurred any material
accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of ERISA.  No Reportable
Event in connection with any such Plan has occurred or is continuing.

         2.11.  Pollution and Environmental Control; Hazardous Substances. 
It has obtained all permits, licenses and other authorizations which are
required under any Environmental Laws, except to the extent that failure to
have obtained any such permit, license or authorization will not have a
Material Adverse Effect, and is in material compliance with, all federal,
state, and local Environmental Laws and regulations relating, without
limitation, to pollution, reclamation or protection of the environment,
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened
releases of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic materials or
wastes into air, water, or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, or
handling of pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic substances,
materials or wastes the failure to comply with which would have a Material
Adverse Effect.  Neither any Guarantor, nor to Guarantor's knowledge any
previous owner of the Project Site, has disposed of any hazardous
substances on any portion of the Project Site.  As used in this
subparagraph, "hazardous substances" shall have the meaning set forth in
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act,
42 U.S.C. (section) 6901, et. seq., and the regulations adopted pursuant to 
such act.

         2.12.  Capital Structure.  Exhibit B attached hereto and made a
part hereof states the correct name of each of the Consolidated
Subsidiaries of the Guarantor, the jurisdiction of organization or
incorporation and the percentage of its voting stock owned by the
Guarantor.  The Guarantor has good title to all of the shares it purports
to own of the stock of each Consolidated Subsidiary, free and clear in each
case of any Lien other than Permitted Liens.  All such shares have been
duly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  

         2.13.  Solvent Financial Condition.  It is now, and after giving
effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, will be Solvent.

         2.14.  Restrictions.  It is not a party or subject to any
contract, agreement, or charter or other corporate restriction, which
Guarantor believes materially and adversely affects its business or the use
or ownership of any of its Properties.  The Guarantor is not a party or
subject to any contract or agreement which restricts its right or ability
to incur Indebtedness, other than as set forth on Exhibit B attached
hereto, none of which prohibit the execution of or compliance with this
Agreement by the Guarantor.  

         2.15.  Full Disclosure.  The Financial Statements referred to in
Section 2.3 above, do not, nor does this Agreement or the Bond Documents or
any Other Agreement or written statement of the Guarantor to the Bank
(including, without limitation, the Guarantor's filings, if any, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission), taken as a whole, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements contained therein or herein not misleading.  There is no fact
which the Guarantor has failed to disclose to the Bank in writing which
materially affects adversely or, so far as the Guarantor can now foresee,
will materially affect adversely the Properties, business, prospects,
profits, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Guarantor or any of
its Consolidated Subsidiaries or the ability of the Guarantor or the
Borrower to perform this Agreement or the Bond Documents. 

         2.16.  Labor Relations.  Except as described on Exhibit B attached
hereto and made a part hereof, there are no material grievances, disputes
or controversies with any union or any other organization of the
Guarantor's employees, or threats of strikes, work stoppages or any
asserted pending demands for collective bargaining by any union or
organization which could have a Material Adverse Effect.

         2.17.  Compliance With Laws.  It has duly complied in all material
respects with, and its Properties, business operations and leaseholds are
in compliance in all material respects with, the provisions of all federal,
state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Guarantor,
its Properties or the conduct of its business, including, without
limitation, OSHA and all Environmental Laws, the failure to comply with
which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

         2.18.  Brokers.  There are no claims for brokerage commissions,
finder's fees or investment banking fees in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for fees owed to the
Bank and its affiliates.

         2.19.  Trade Relations.  There exists no actual or threatened
termination, cancellation or limitation of, or any modification or change
in, the business relationship between the Guarantor and any customer or any
group of customers whose purchases individually or in the aggregate are
material to the business of the Guarantor, or with any material supplier,
and there exists no present condition or state of facts or circumstances
which would materially affect adversely the Guarantor or prevent the
Guarantor from conducting such business after the consummation of the
transaction contemplated by this Agreement in substantially the same manner
in which it has heretofore been conducted.

         2.20.  Investment Company Act.  The Guarantor is not an
"investment company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company",
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

         2.21.  Survival of Representations and Warranties.  It covenants,
warrants and represents to the Bank that all representations and warranties
of the Guarantor contained in this Agreement or any of the Bond Documents
or Other Agreements shall be true at the time of its execution of this
Agreement and, the Bond Documents or Other Agreements, and shall survive
the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the Bank and the parties
thereto and the closing of the transactions described therein or related
thereto.  


<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE III

              Representations and Warranties of the Borrower

         The Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank (which
representations and warranties shall survive the delivery of the documents
mentioned herein and the issuance of the Letter of Credit) that:

         3.1.  Incorporation.  It is a corporation duly incorporated,
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of its
incorporation, and has the corporate or other power to own its Property and
to carry on its business as now being conducted.  

         3.2.  Power and Authority.  It is duly authorized under all
applicable provisions of law to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement
and the Bond Documents, and all action, corporate or otherwise, as
applicable, on its part required for the lawful execution, delivery and
performance hereof has been duly taken; and this Agreement and the Bond
Documents, upon the due execution and delivery hereof, will be its valid
and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with their respective
terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or
similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and to general
principles of equity.  Neither the execution of this Agreement nor the Bond
Documents, nor the fulfillment of or compliance with their respective
provisions and terms, will (a) conflict with, or result in a breach of the
terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a violation of or default
under any applicable law, regulation, judgment, writ, order or decree to
which it or any of its properties is subject, or its charter or by-laws, or
any agreement or instrument to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is now a
party or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
properties is bound or affected, or (b) create any lien, charge or
encumbrance upon any of its or any of its Subsidiaries' property or assets
pursuant to the terms of any agreement or instrument to which it or any of
its Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective properties is bound except pursuant to the Security
Instruments.

         3.3.  Governmental Authority.  It has received the written
approval of all federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities,
if any, necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement, and no further
governmental consents or approvals are required in the making or
performance of this Agreement and the Bond Documents.  

         3.4.  Project Site.  The operation of the Project complies in all
material respects with presently existing zoning and other land use
restrictions affecting the Project Site, including without limitation, any
restrictive covenants.

         3.5.  Survival of Representations and Warranties.  It covenants,
warrants and represents to the Bank that all representations and warranties
of contained in this Agreement or any of the Bond Documents shall be true
at the time of its execution of this Agreement and the Bond Documents, and
shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance thereof by the Bank
and the parties thereto and the closing of the transactions described
therein or related thereto.  


<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE IV

         Terms of Letter of Credit, Reimbursement, Other Payments
                               and Guaranty

         4.1.  Letter of Credit.  The Bank agrees, on the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth, to issue and deliver the Letter of Credit
in favor of the Trustee in substantially the form of Exhibit A attached
hereto upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in
Article VIII hereof.  The Bank agrees that any and all payments under the
Letter of Credit will be made with the Bank's own funds.

         4.2.  Reimbursement and Other Payments.  The Borrower shall pay to
the Bank:

               (a)  on or before 3:00 P.M., EST, but after the honoring of
         a draw by the Bank, on the date that any amount is drawn under the
         Letter of Credit, a sum equal to such amount so drawn under the
         Letter of Credit;

               (b)  on demand, interest on any and all amounts remaining
         unpaid by the Borrower when due hereunder from the date such
         amounts become due until payment thereof in full, at a fluctuating
         interest rate per annum equal at all times to the lesser of (i)
         the Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) or (ii) the highest lawful
         rate permitted by applicable law;

               (c)  on demand, any and all reasonable expenses incurred by
         the Bank in enforcing any rights under this Agreement and the Bond
         Documents; and

               (d)  on demand all charges, commissions, costs and expenses
         set forth in Sections 4.4, 4.5 and 4.9 hereof.

         4.3.  Tender Advances.  (a) If the Bank shall make any payment of
that portion of the purchase price corresponding to principal and interest
of the Bonds drawn under the Letter of Credit pursuant to a Tender Draft
and the conditions set forth in Section 8.3 all have been fulfilled, such
payment shall constitute a tender advance made by the Bank to the Borrower
on the date and in the amount of such payment (a "Tender Advance");
provided that if the conditions of said Section 8.3 have not been
fulfilled, the amount so drawn pursuant to the Tender Draft shall be
payable in accordance with the terms of Section 4.2(a) above. 
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Borrower shall repay the
unpaid amount of each Tender Advance, together with all unpaid interest
thereon on the earlier to occur of (i) such date as Bonds purchased
pursuant to a Tender Draft are resold as provided in
paragraph 4.3(d) hereof, (ii) on the date 366 days following the date of
such Tender Advance, or (iii) the Termination Date.  

         The Borrower may prepay the outstanding amount of any Tender
Advance in whole or in part, together with accrued interest to the date of
such prepayment on the date such amount is prepaid.  The Borrower shall
notify the Bank prior to 11:00 A.M., EST on the date of such prepayment of
the amount to be prepaid.

         (b)   The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid amount of each
Tender Advance from the date of such Tender Advance until such amount is
paid in full, payable monthly, in arrears, on the first day of each month
during the term of each Tender Advance and on the date such amount is paid
in full, at a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to
time equal to the Prime Rate, provided that the unpaid amount of any Tender
Advance which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the lesser of the
Prime Rate plus two percent (2%) or the highest rate permitted by
applicable law, payable on demand and on the date such amount is paid in
full.

         (c)   Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement the Borrower has agreed
that, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, Bonds purchased with
proceeds of any Tender Draft shall be delivered by the Tender Agent to the
Bank or its designee to be held by the Bank or its designee in pledge as
collateral securing the Borrower's payment obligations to the Bank
hereunder.  Bonds so delivered to the Bank or its designee shall be
registered in the name of the Bank, or its designee, as pledgee of the
Borrower, as provided for in Section 3 of the Pledge Agreement.

         (d)   Prior to or simultaneously with the resale of Pledged Bonds,
the Borrower shall prepay or cause the Tender Agent to prepay as provided
below the then outstanding Tender Advances (in the order in which they were
made) by paying to the Bank an amount equal to the sum of (a) the amounts
advanced by the Bank pursuant to the corresponding Tender Drafts relating
to such Bonds, plus (b) the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid interest
on such Tender Advances.  Such payment shall be applied by the Bank in
reimbursement of such drawings (and as prepayment of Tender Advances
resulting from such drawings in the manner described below), and, upon
receipt by the Bank of a certificate completed and signed by the Trustee in
substantially the form of Annex F to the Letter of Credit, the Borrower
irrevocably authorizes the Bank to rely on such certificate and to
reinstate the Letter of Credit in accordance therewith.  Funds held by the
Tender Agent as a result of sales of the Pledged Bonds by the Remarketing
Agent shall be paid to the Bank by the Tender Agent to be applied to the
amounts owing by the Borrower to the Bank pursuant to this paragraph (d). 
Upon payment to the Bank of the amount of such Tender Advance to be
prepaid, together with accrued interest on such Tender Advance to the date
of such prepayment on the amount to be prepaid, the principal amount
outstanding of Tender Advances shall be reduced by the amount of such
prepayment and interest shall cease to accrue on the amount prepaid.

         4.4.  Commission and Fee.  (a) The Borrower shall pay to the Bank
a commission at the rate of one-half of one percent per annum on the
undrawn amount available to be drawn under the Letter of Credit (computed
on the date that such commission is payable) from and including the date of
issuance of the Letter of Credit until the Termination Date, payable (i) as
to the year in which the Letter of Credit is issued, on such date of
issuance, and (ii) thereafter payable annually in advance in full on the
first day of each anniversary of the issuance of the Letter of Credit.  If
the Letter of Credit is terminated or if there is a drawing under the
Letter of Credit to pay the principal of the Bonds  during the year
preceding such anniversary date, the Bank will refund to the Borrower the
applicable unused portion of the commission calculated on a pro rata basis. 


         (b)   The Borrower shall pay to the Bank, upon each drawing under
the Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms, a fee of $150 per
drawing.

         (c)   The Borrower shall pay to the Bank, upon transfer of the
Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms, a transfer fee of $1,000.

         4.5.  Increased Costs.  In the event of any change in any existing
or future law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof affecting the
Bank which shall either (a) impose, modify or make applicable any reserve,
special deposit, capital requirement, assessment or similar requirement
against the Letter of Credit or (b) impose on the Bank any other condition
regarding the Letter of Credit, and the result of any event referred to in
clause (a) or (b) above shall be to increase the cost (including a
reasonable allocation of resources) or decrease the yield to the Bank of
issuing or maintaining the Letter of Credit (which increase in cost shall
be the result of the Bank's reasonable allocation of the aggregate of such
cost increases or yield decreases resulting from such events), then, upon
demand by the Bank, the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Bank, from
time to time as specified by the Bank, additional amounts which shall be
sufficient to compensate the Bank for such increased cost or decreased
yield.  A statement of charges submitted by the Bank, shall be conclusive,
absent manifest error, as to the amount owed.

         4.6.  Computation.  All payments of interest, commission and other
charges under this Agreement shall be computed on the per annum basis,
based upon a year of 365 (or 366, as the case may be) days, and calculated
for the actual number of days elapsed.

         4.7.  Payment Procedure.  All payments made by the Borrower under
this Agreement shall be made to the Bank in lawful currency of the United
States of America and in immediately available funds at the Bank's offices
described at the beginning of this Agreement before 12:00 Noon, EST on the
date when due, except for payments made in accordance with the terms of
Section 4.2(a).

         4.8.  Business Days.  If the date for any payment hereunder falls
on a day which is not a Business Day, then for all purposes of this
Agreement the same shall be deemed to have fallen on the next succeeding
Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in
the computation of payments of interest or commission, as the case may be.

         4.9.  Reimbursement of Expenses.  The Borrower will pay all
reasonable legal fees (computed without regard to any statutory
presumption) incurred by the Bank in connection with the preparation,
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Letter of Credit, the Bond
Documents, and all transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including
any amendments hereto or thereto or consents or waivers hereunder or
thereunder) and will also pay all fees, charges or taxes for the recording
or filing of Security Instruments.  The Borrower will also pay for all
reasonable legal expenses of the Bank in connection with the administration
of the Letter of Credit, this Agreement and the Bond Documents.  The
Borrower will, upon request, promptly reimburse the Bank for all amounts
expended, advanced or incurred by the Bank to collect or satisfy any
obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or any of the Bond
Documents, or to enforce the rights of the Bank under this Agreement or any
of the Bond Documents, which amounts will include, without limitation, all
court costs, reasonable attorneys' fees, fees of auditors and accountants
and investigation expenses incurred by the Bank in connection with any such
matters.

         4.10.  Expiration Date.  The Letter of Credit will expire on its
stated Expiration Date, unless the Bank notifies the Borrower in writing at
least 120 days prior to the Expiration Date that the Bank will extend such
applicable Expiration Date for an additional one-year period from the then
applicable Expiration Date.

         4.11.  Guaranty.  (a) the Guarantor hereby absolutely and
unconditionally guarantees, the full and timely payment when due, whether
at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of the
Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any of the
Security Instruments, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses or
otherwise.  The Guarantor further agrees to pay any and all expenses
(including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses)
incurred by the Bank in enforcing or protecting its rights against the
Guarantor under this Agreement or any of the Security Instruments. 

         (b)   This is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, and the
Guarantor expressly waives any right to require that any action be brought
against the Borrower or any other guarantor or to require that resort be
had to any security, whether held by or available to the Bank or to any
other guaranty.  If the Borrower shall default in payment of the principal,
interest, or fees on or any other amount payable hereunder when and as the
same shall become due, whether by acceleration, call for prepayment, or
otherwise, or upon the occurrence of any other Event of Default hereunder,
the Guarantor, upon demand by the Bank or its successors or assigns, will
promptly and fully make such payments.  All payments by the Guarantor shall
be made in immediately available coin or currency of the United States of
America which on the respective dates of payment thereof is legal tender
for the payment of public and private debts.  Each default in payment of
the principal, interest, fees or any other amount payable hereunder, or the
occurrence of any other Event of Default hereunder, shall give rise to a
separate cause of action hereunder, and separate suits may be brought
hereunder as each cause of action arises.  The Bank, or its successors or
assigns, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to proceed first and
directly against the Guarantor and its successors and assigns.

         (c)   The Guarantor hereby waives promptness, diligence, notice of
acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the obligations of
the Borrower under this Agreement or any requirement that the Bank protect,
secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property
subject hereto or to the Security Instruments or exhaust any right or take
any action against the Borrower or any other Person.

         (d)   The Guarantor will not exercise any rights that it may
acquire by way of subrogation under this Agreement, by any payment made
hereunder or otherwise, until all the obligations of the Borrower shall
have been paid or performed in full.  If any amount shall be paid to the
Guarantor on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall not have been paid or performed
in full, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Bank and
shall forthwith be paid to the Bank to be credited and applied upon the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder, whether matured or unmatured, in
accordance with the terms hereof.

         (e)   This guaranty shall continue to be effective or be
reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the
obligations of the Borrower hereunder is rescinded or is otherwise returned
by the Bank upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the
Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

         4.12.  Obligations Absolute.  The obligations of each of the
Borrower and the Guarantor under this Agreement shall be absolute,
unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement, under all circumstances whatsoever,
including, without limitation, the following circumstances:

               (a)  any lack of validity or enforceability of the Letter of
         Credit, the Bonds, any of the other Bond Documents, any of the
         Security Instruments or any other agreement or instrument related
         thereto;

               (b)  any amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure
         from the terms of the Letter of Credit, the Bonds, any of the
         other Bond Documents, any of the Security Instruments or any other
         agreement or instrument related thereto;

               (c)  the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other
         right which any of the Borrower, the Guarantor or the Issuer may
         have at any time against the Trustee, any beneficiary or any
         transferee of the Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom the
         Trustee, any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be
         acting), the Bank or any other Person, whether in connection with
         this Agreement, the other Security Instruments, the Letter of
         Credit, the Bond Documents, the Project or any unrelated
         transaction;

               (d)  any statement, draft or other document presented under
         the Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or
         insufficient in any respect, or any statement therein being untrue
         or inaccurate in any respect whatsoever;

               (e)  the surrender, exchange or impairment of any security
         for the performance or observance of any of the terms of this
         Agreement; or

               (f)  any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
         a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or a
         Guarantor, except subject to the qualification that obligations
         may be reinstated upon bankruptcy, notwithstanding payment in full
         of the Borrower's obligations to the Bank.

Notwithstanding the absolute obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantor
as provided above, the Bank shall be liable to the Borrower and the
Guarantor as provided in Section 10.4 hereof.  

         4.13.  Waiver of Guarantor's Rights.  The Guarantor hereby waives
to the fullest extent possible as and against the Borrower and its assets
any and all rights, whether at law, in equity, by agreement or otherwise,
to subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement, contribution, or any other
similar claim, cause of action or remedy that otherwise would arise out of
the Guarantor's performance of its obligations to the Bank under this
Agreement.  The preceding waiver is intended by both the Guarantor and the
Bank to be for the benefit of the Borrower, and the waiver shall be
enforceable by the Borrower or any of its successors or assigns as an
absolute defense to any action by the Guarantor against the Borrower or its
assets which arises out of the Guarantor's having made any payment to the
Bank with respect to any of the Borrower's liabilities guaranteed
hereunder.

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE V

                            Security; Insurance

         5.1.  Security.  As security for the full and timely payment and
performance by the Borrower and the Guarantor of their respective
obligations hereunder, the Borrower shall on the date hereof deliver the
Pledge Agreement to the Bank. 

         5.2.  Casualty and Liability Insurance Required.  The Borrower
will keep the Project and its Properties continuously insured against such
risks as are customarily insured against by businesses of like size and
type engaged in the same or similar operations (other than business
interruption insurance) including, without limiting the generality of any
other covenant contained herein or in the Bond Documents, casualty
insurance and general comprehensive liability insurance against claims for
bodily injury, death or property damage; provided, however, that the
insurance so required may be provided by blanket policies now or hereafter
maintained by the Borrower or the Guarantor.

         5.3.  Notice of Casualty or Taking.  In case of any material
damage to or destruction of all or any part of the Project, the Borrower
shall give prompt notice thereof to the Bank.  In case of a taking or
proposed taking of all or any material part of the Project or any right
therein by Eminent Domain, the Borrower shall give prompt notice thereof to
the Bank.  Each such notice shall describe generally the nature and extent
of such damage, destruction, taking, loss, proceeding or negotiations.
<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE VI

                           Affirmative Covenants

         Until all the Obligations to be performed and paid shall have been
performed and paid in full, and for so long as the Letter of Credit shall
be outstanding, unless the Bank shall otherwise consent in writing, the
Borrower and the Guarantor will perform and observe all covenants and
agreements contained on its respective part in this Article VI.

         6.1.  Financial Reports and Other Data and Information.

         (a)   Quarterly Statements.  Within forty-five (45) days after the
end of each fiscal quarter, a balance sheet of the Guarantor and its
Consolidated Subsidiaries at the end of that period and an income statement
for that period and for the portion of the fiscal year ending with such
period on a consolidated and consolidating basis, setting forth in
comparative form the figures for the same period of the preceding fiscal
year, and certified by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of the
Guarantor as complete and correct in all material respects and prepared in
accordance with GAAP, except without footnotes and subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments.  

         (b)   Annual Statements.  Within ninety (90) days after the end of
each fiscal year, a detailed audited financial report of the Guarantor and
its Consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis,
containing a balance sheet at the end of that period and an income
statement and statement of cash flows for that period, setting forth in
comparative form the figures for the preceding fiscal year, and containing
an unqualified opinion of independent certified public accountants
acceptable to the Bank that the financial statements were prepared in
accordance with GAAP, and that the examination in connection with the
financial statements was made in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards and accordingly included tests of the accounting records
and other auditing procedures that were considered necessary in the
circumstances.  

         (c)   SEC and Other Reports; Orders, Judgments, Etc.  Promptly
upon its becoming available, one copy of each regular or periodic report,
registration statement or prospectus filed by the Guarantor with any
securities exchange or the Securities and Exchange Commission or any
successor agency, and of any material order, judgment, decree, decision or
ruling issued by any governmental authority in any proceeding to which the
Guarantor is a party;

         (d)   Accountants' Statements.  Within the period provided in
paragraph (b) above, a letter of the accountants who render the opinion on
the financial statements, stating that they reviewed this Agreement and
that in performing the examination necessary to render an opinion on the
annual financial statements they obtained no knowledge of any such Default
or Event of Default resulting from the Guarantor's failure to observe the
financial ratios under Sections 7.5 through 7.8, or, if the accountants
have knowledge of a Default or Event of Default, a statement specifying to
the best of their knowledge the nature and period of existence of the
Default or Event of Default;

         (e)   Certificates.  At the time of the delivery of the financial
statements provided for in Section 6.1(a) and (b), an Officers' Certificate
of the Guarantor to the effect that  to the best of his knowledge, no
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing;

         (f)   Notice of Default or Litigation.  Promptly, and in any event
within three Business Days after the Chief Financial Officer or Controller
of the Guarantor obtains knowledge thereof, notice of (1) the occurrence of
any event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default, (2) any
litigation or governmental proceeding pending against the Guarantor which
is likely to materially and adversely affect the business, operations,
property, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;

         (g)   Environmental Matters.  Promptly upon obtaining knowledge
thereof, notice of any facts or circumstances known to the Borrower that
the Guarantor reasonably believes is likely to form the basis for the
assertion of any material claim against the Guarantor relating to
environmental matters including, but not limited to, any claim arising from
past or present environmental practices asserted under CERCLA, RCRA, or any
other federal, state or local environmental statute;

         (h)   Other Information.  From time to time, such other
information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Bank may
reasonably request.

         6.2.  Books, Records and Inspections.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will keep proper books of record and account in which full, true
and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and all requirements of law
shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to their
businesses and activities.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will permit
officers and designated representatives of the Bank to visit and inspect,
under guidance of officers of the Borrower and the Guarantor as applicable,
any of the properties of the Borrower and the Guarantor and to examine the
books of account of the Borrower and the Guarantor and discuss the affairs,
finances and accounts of the Borrower and the Guarantor with, and be
advised as to the same by, its and their officers, as applicable, all at
such reasonable times and intervals and to such reasonable extent as the
Bank may request.

         6.3.  Maintenance of Property, Insurance.  Exhibit D sets forth a
true and complete listing of all material insurance maintained by the
Guarantor and the Borrower as of the date hereof, with the amounts insured
on the date hereof set forth therein.  Each of the Borrower and the
Guarantor shall (i) keep all property useful and necessary in their
business in good working order and condition, except for property which has
become obsolete or is no longer useful, (ii) maintain with financially
sound and reputable insurance companies insurance which provides
substantially the same (or greater) coverage and, as to the Borrower,
against at least such risks as are described in Exhibit D, and
(iii) furnish to the Bank, upon written request, full information as to the
insurance carried.  

         6.4.  Corporate Franchises.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will
do or cause to be done, all things necessary to preserve and keep in full
force and effect their existence and their material rights, franchises,
licenses and patents; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6.4
shall prevent the withdrawal by the Borrower or the Guarantor of any
qualification as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction where such
withdrawal could not have a material adverse effect on the business,
operations, property, assets, condition (financial or otherwise) or
prospects of the Borrower or the Guarantor and nothing in this Section 6.4
shall prevent the merger of the Borrower into the Guarantor or into a
Consolidated Subsidiary of the Guarantor.

         6.5.  Compliance with Statutes, etc.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will comply with all applicable statutes, regulations and orders
of, and all applicable restrictions imposed by, all governmental bodies,
domestic or foreign, in respect of the conduct of their businesses and
their ownership of property (including applicable statutes, regulations,
orders and restrictions relating to environmental standards and controls),
except such noncompliances as could not, in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on the business, operations, property, assets, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower and the Guarantor or
of the Borrower and the Guarantor taken as a whole.

         6.6.  ERISA.  As soon as possible and in any event within 10 days
after the Borrower or the Guarantor knows that a Reportable Event has
occurred with respect to a Plan established or maintained by the Borrower,
the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate, that a material accumulated funding
deficiency has been incurred or an application is to be or has been made to
the Secretary of the Treasury for a waiver or modification of the minimum
funding standard (including any required installment payments) or an
extension of any amortization period under Section 412 of the Code with
respect to such a Plan, that a Plan has been or will be terminated,
reorganized, petitioned or declared insolvent under Title IV of ERISA in a
manner that has a Material Adverse Effect, that such a Plan has an Unfunded
Current Liability within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA giving rise to a
lien under ERISA, that proceedings will be or have been instituted to
terminate such a Plan under circumstances that will have a Material Adverse
Effect, or that the Borrower or the Guarantor or an ERISA Affiliate will
incur any material liability to or on account of such a Plan under
Section 4062, 4063 or 4064, or which is a multiemployer plan under
Section 515, 4201 or 4203 of ERISA, the Borrower and the Guarantor will
deliver to the Bank a certificate of a financial officer thereof, setting
forth details as to such occurrence and action, if any, which the Borrower,
the Guarantor or ERISA Affiliate is required or proposes to take, together
with any notices required or proposed to be given to or filed with or by
the Borrower, the Guarantor, the ERISA Affiliate, the PBGC, a Plan
participant or the Plan administrator with respect thereto.  The Borrower
and the Guarantor will deliver to the Bank a complete copy of the annual
report (Form 5500) of each Plan required to be filed with the Internal
Revenue Service or the PBGC, given to Plan participants or received by
either the Borrower or the Guarantor.

         6.7.  Performance of Obligations.  The Borrower and the Guarantor
will perform all of their obligations under the terms of each mortgage,
indenture, security agreement and other agreement by which they are bound,
except such non-performances as could not in the aggregate, have a material
adverse effect on the business, operations, property, assets, condition
(financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Borrower and the Guarantor or
of the Borrower and the Guarantor taken as a whole.

         6.8.  Taxes and Liens.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will
promptly pay, or cause to be paid, all material taxes, assessments or other
governmental charges which may lawfully be levied or assessed upon the
income or profits of Borrower or the Guarantor or upon any Property, real,
personal or mixed, belonging to Borrower or the Guarantor, or upon any part
thereof, and also any lawful claims for labor, material and supplies which,
if unpaid, might become a lien or charge against any such property;
provided, however, neither Borrower nor the Guarantor shall be required to
pay any such tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim so long as the validity
thereof shall be actively contested in good faith by proper proceedings
and, against which the Borrower or the Guarantor, as the case may be, shall
have established reserves which are in amounts satisfactory to the
Borrower's or the Guarantor's, as the case may be, independent certified
public accountants.

         6.9.  Payment of Obligations.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will
pay, when due, all its material obligations and liabilities, except where
the same (other than Indebtedness) are being contested in good faith by
appropriate proceedings diligently prosecuted and appropriate reserves for
the accrual of same are maintained and, in the case of judgments,
enforcement thereof has been stayed pending such contest.

         6.10.  Environmental Matters.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will
obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, and approvals required in
connection with the Project with respect to Hazardous Materials (which
shall mean all materials defined as "hazardous substances," "hazardous
waste" or "solid waste" in the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act or any similar environmental statute) and the Borrower or the
Guarantor, as applicable, will remain in full compliance with such
licenses, permits and approvals, except to the extent that failure to so
comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect.  The Borrower and the
Guarantor will give the Bank copies of any citations, orders, notices or
other communications received with respect to violations or alleged
violations of any environmental laws in connection with the Project if such
violation or alleged violation is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
The Borrower and the Guarantor shall indemnify and hold the Bank and its
directors, officers, shareholders and employees harmless from and against
any and all damages, penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits, liabilities,
costs (including clean-up costs) judgments and expenses (including
attorneys', consultants' or experts' fees and expenses) of every kind and
nature suffered by or asserted against the Bank as a direct or indirect
result of any warranty or representation made by the Borrower and the
Guarantor in this Section 6.11 being false or untrue in any material
respect or any requirement under any environmental law, which requires the
elimination or removal of any Hazardous Materials at the Project Site by
the Bank, the Borrower, the Guarantor or any transferee of the Borrower,
the Guarantor or the Bank, except to the extent that any such damages,
penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits, liabilities, costs, judgments, or
expenses result directly or indirectly from the actions of the Bank or any
of its directors, officers, shareholders or employees.

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE VII

                            Negative Covenants


         Until all the Obligations to be performed and paid shall have been
performed and paid in full, and for so long as the Letter of Credit shall
be outstanding, unless the Bank shall otherwise consent in writing, the
Borrower and the Guarantor covenant and agree as follows:

         7.1.  Negative Pledge; Liens.  The Borrower and the Guarantor will
not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect
to any property or assets (real or personal, tangible or intangible)
constituting the Project or sell any such property or assets subject to an
understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such
property or assets (including sales of accounts receivable with recourse to
the Borrower or any of the Guarantor), or assign any right to receive
income or permit the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform
Commercial Code of any state or any other similar notice of Lien under any
similar recording or notice statute; provided that the provisions of this
Section 7.1 shall not prevent the creation, incurrence, assumption or
existence of:

                   (i)   Liens in favor of the Bank;

                  (ii)   Liens for taxes not yet due, or Liens for taxes
               being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings
               for which adequate reserves have been established;

                 (iii)   Except as hereinafter set forth, Liens in respect
               of property or assets of the Borrower or the Guarantor
               imposed by law, which were incurred in the ordinary course
               of business, such as carriers', warehousemen's and
               mechanics' liens and other similar Liens arising in the
               ordinary course of business, not to exceed $10,000,000 in
               the aggregate, and (x) which do not in the aggregate
               materially detract from the value of such property or assets
               or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the
               business of the Borrower or the Guarantor or (y) which are
               being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings,
               which proceedings have the effect of preventing the
               forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any
               such Lien;

                  (iv)   Liens in existence on the date hereof which are
               listed, and the property subject thereto described in
               Exhibit C, with an indication therein that such Liens are
               "Permitted Liens" hereunder, provided that if in Exhibit C
               any Lien is listed as being a Permitted Lien only for a
               designated time period, such Lien shall cease to be a
               Permitted Lien after the expiration of such time period;

                   (v)   Permitted Encumbrances;

                  (vi)   Liens created pursuant to the Security
               Instruments; and

                 (vii)   Utility deposits and pledges or deposits in
               connection with worker's compensation, unemployment
               insurance and other social security legislation;

         7.2.  Consolidation or Merger.  The Guarantor will not enter into
any transaction of merger or consolidation, except for mergers in which the
Guarantor is the surviving entity.  

         7.3.  Sale of Assets, Dissolution, Etc.  Subject to Section 7.2
hereof, the Guarantor will not (a) transfer, sell, assign, lease or
otherwise dispose of properties or assets including notes, franchises or
contract rights, or any stock (valued at book value) or any Indebtedness of
any Subsidiary in any fiscal year which taken together have an aggregate
book value in excess of thirty percent (30%) of Consolidated Net Worth,
except in the ordinary course of business, or (b) change the nature of its
business, or wind up, liquidate or dissolve, or agree to do any of the
foregoing.  

         7.4.  Loans and Investments.  The Guarantor will not make or
permit to remain outstanding any loan or advance to, or own, purchase or
acquire any stock or securities of, or any interest in, or make any capital
contribution to or investment in, any other Person, except that the
Guarantor or any Subsidiary may 

               (i)  make or permit to remain outstanding loans, advances
         and capital contributions to and investments in, and acquire any
         stock or securities of any wholly-owned Subsidiary;  

             (ii)   own, purchase or acquire (a) Government Obligations (as
         defined in the Indenture), (b) deposit accounts with and
         certificates of deposit of commercial banks with a capital and
         surplus in excess of Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000), (c)
         banker's acceptances drawn on or accepted by commercial banks with
         a capital and surplus in excess of Fifty Million  Dollars
         ($50,000,000), (d) repurchase agreements secured by obligations of
         the type specified in (a) above due not more than one year from
         the date of acquisition thereof, and (e) commercial paper rated A-
         2 or better by Moody's and variable rate preferred stock rated A
         or better by Standard & Poor's; 

            (iii)   acquire any amount of stock or securities of, or any
         interest in, or make any capital contribution to or investment in,
         any other Person in connection with an acquisition of more than
         50% of the voting stock of or other controlling interest in such
         Person provided the acquired Person becomes a Subsidiary of the
         Guarantor included in the Guarantor's balance sheet as a
         Consolidated Subsidiary;

            (iv)    make loans and advances to employees of the Guarantor
         and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; and

            (v)     make or permit to remain outstanding other loans and
         advances to, and purchase and acquire stock and securities of, and
         make capital contributions to or investments in other Persons
         (including without limitation Persons which are not Subsidiaries
         of the Guarantor), in an aggregate amount not to exceed forty
         percent (40%) of Consolidated Net Worth.

         7.5.  Consolidated Total Liabilities to Consolidated Tangible Net
Worth.  The Guarantor will not at any time permit the ratio of its
Consolidated Total Liabilities to its Consolidated Tangible Net Worth to be
greater than 1.25 to 1.0.

         7.6.  Coverage Ratio.  The Guarantor will not at any time permit
the ratio of EBIT for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to
Interest Expense, for the same period, to be less than 2.50 to 1.0.

         7.7.  Current Ratio.  The Guarantor will not permit the ratio of
Consolidated Current Assets to Consolidated Current Liabilities, at any
time, to be less than 2.50 to 1.0.

         7.8.  Consolidated Net Worth.  The Guarantor will not permit
Consolidated Net Worth to be less than $250,000,000 at December 31, 1993 or
such higher amount as hereinafter set forth.  The Consolidated Net Worth of
the Guarantor shall increase quarterly, beginning with the fiscal quarter
ended December 31, 1993, by an amount equal to 50% of the Consolidated Net
Income (if positive) of the Guarantor for such fiscal quarter.

<PAGE>
                               ARTICLE VIII

                Conditions to Issuance of Letter of Credit

         8.1.  Conditions of Issuance.  On or prior to the date of issuance
of the Letter of Credit, the Borrower and the Guarantor shall have
furnished to the Bank, in form satisfactory to the Bank, the following:

         (a)   two executed counterparts of this Agreement and executed
               counterparts of each of the Security Instruments;

         (b)   executed counterparts of each of the Bond Documents (except
               for the Bonds, as to which a specimen copy may be
               furnished);

         (c)   evidence of compliance with the insurance requirements
               contained in Article VI hereof;

         (d)   an opinion dated the date hereof addressed to, and in form
               and substance acceptable to, the Bank from the Issuer's
               counsel, as to such matters as the Bank may require;

         (e)   opinion(s) of counsel for the Borrower and the Guarantor
               dated the date hereof addressed to, and substantially in the
               form attached hereto as Exhibit E and otherwise in form and
               substance acceptable to, the Bank;

         (f)   certificates of the Borrower and the Guarantor, as
               applicable, including references to (i) Articles of
               Incorporation, By-laws and other charter documents as
               applicable, (ii) resolutions of the Board of Directors,
               authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the
               appropriate Bond Documents, this Agreement and the Security
               Instruments to which the Borrower or the Guarantor, as the
               case may be, is a party, (iii) incumbency and specimen
               signatures of officers, and (iv) such other matters as the
               Bank may require;

         (g)   (a) copies of the Articles of Incorporation, By-laws or
               other charter documents, as applicable, of the Guarantor,
               certified as true and correct by an authorized officer as of
               the date of issuance of the Bonds; and (b) as to any
               corporations, certificates dated no earlier than 20 days
               prior to the date of issuance of the Bonds of the Secretary
               of State of the applicable states as to the good standing of
               the Borrower and the Guarantor; 

         (h)   an opinion of Bond Counsel, in substantially the form of
               Exhibit F hereto in form and substance satisfactory to the
               Bank and its counsel, and as to such other matters as the
               Bank may reasonably request;

         (i)   copies of all governmental approvals required in connection
               with this transaction, including the resolution of the
               Issuer authorizing the authentication and issuance of the
               Bonds;

         (j)   evidence of payment to the Bank of the commission pursuant
               to Section 4.4 of this Agreement;

         (k)   such other documents, instruments and certifications as the
               Bank may reasonably require.

         8.2  Additional Conditions Precedent to Issuance of the Letter of
Credit.  (a) The obligation of the Bank to issue the Letter of Credit shall
be subject to the further conditions precedent that on the date of issuance
the following statements shall be true and the Bank shall have received a
certificate signed by the Chief Financial Officer or Controller of the
Borrower and by the Guarantor, dated the date of issuance, stating that:

            (i)     The representations and warranties contained in
         Article II and Article III of this Agreement, Section 5 of the
         Pledge Agreement Section 2.2 of the Loan Agreement are correct on
         and as of the date of issuance of the Letter of Credit as though
         made on and as of such date; and

           (ii)     No event has occurred or would result from the issuance
         of the Letter of Credit, which constitutes an Event of Default or
         would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that
         notice be given or time elapse or both;

and (b) there shall have been no introduction of or change in, or in the
interpretation of, any law or regulation that would make it unlawful or
unduly burdensome for the Bank to issue the Letter of Credit, no outbreak
or escalation of hostilities or other calamity or crisis, no suspension of
or material limitation on trading on the New York Stock Exchange or any
other national securities exchange, no declaration of a general banking
moratorium by United States or North Carolina banking authorities, and no
establishment of any new restrictions on transactions in securities or on
banks materially affecting the free market for securities or the extension
of credit by banks.

         8.3.  Conditions Precedent to Each Tender Advance.  Each payment
made by the Bank under the Letter of Credit pursuant to a Tender Draft
shall constitute a Tender Advance hereunder only if on the date of such
payment no event has occurred or would result from such Tender Advance,
which constitutes an Event of Default or would constitute an Event of
Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or
both.

Unless the Borrower or the Guarantor shall have previously advised the Bank
in writing or the Bank has actual knowledge that the above statement is no
longer true, the Borrower and the Guarantor shall be deemed to have
represented and warranted, on the date of payment by the Bank under the
Letter of Credit pursuant to a Tender Draft, that on the date of such
payment the above statement is true and correct.

<PAGE>
                                ARTICLE IX

                                  Default

         9.1.  Events of Default.  Each of the following shall constitute
an Event of Default under this Agreement, whereupon all obligations,
whether then owing or contingently owing, will, at the option of the Bank
or its successors or assigns, immediately become due and payable by the
Borrower without presentation, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all
of which are hereby expressly waived, and the Borrower will pay the
reasonable attorneys' fees incurred by the Bank, or its successors or
assigns, in connection with such Event of Default:

               (a)  Failure of the Borrower or the Guarantor to pay within
         five (5) days of the date when due any payment of principal,
         interest, commission, charge or expense referred to in Article IV
         hereof; or

               (b)  The occurrence of an "Event of Default" under any of
         the Security Instruments or any of the Bond Documents; or

               (c)  If the Borrower or the Guarantor default in the payment
         of principal when due, whether by acceleration or otherwise, or
         interest on any other Indebtedness in excess of $15 million beyond
         any period of grace provided with respect thereto, or in the
         performance of any other agreement, term or condition contained in
         any agreement under which any such obligation is created, if the
         effect of such default is to cause, or permit the holder or
         holders of such obligation (or a trustee for such holder or
         holders) to cause, such obligation to become due prior to its
         stated maturity; or

               (d)  If any representation, warranty, certification or
         statement made by the Borrower or the Guarantor herein, or in any
         writing furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of the
         Guarantor in connection with the loan by the Issuer under the Loan
         Agreement or pursuant to this Agreement, or any of the Security
         Instruments shall have been false, misleading or incomplete in any
         material respect on the date as of which made; or

               (e)  If the Borrower or the Guarantor default in the
         performance or observance of any agreement or covenant contained
         in Article VII hereof; or

               (f)  If the Borrower or the Guarantor default in the
         performance or observance of any other agreement, covenant, term
         or condition contained herein, and such default shall not have
         been remedied thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall
         have been received by it from the Bank; or

               (g)  The Borrower or the Guarantor shall make an assignment
         for the benefit of creditors, file a petition in bankruptcy, have
         entered against or in favor of it an order for relief under the
         Federal Bankruptcy Code or similar law of any foreign
         jurisdiction, generally fail to pay its debts as they come due
         (either as to number or amount), admit in writing its inability to
         pay its debts generally as they mature, make a voluntary
         assignment for the benefit of creditors, commence any voluntary
         assignment for the benefit of creditors, commence any proceeding
         relating to it under any reorganization, arrangement, readjustment
         of debt, dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any
         jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect, or by any act,
         indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such
         proceeding for the appointment of any receiver of, or trustee or
         custodian (as defined in the Federal Bankruptcy Code) for itself,
         or any substantial part of its property, or a trustee or a
         receiver shall be appointed for the Borrower or for a substantial
         part of the property of the Borrower or the Guarantor and such
         appointment remains in effect for more than sixty (60) days, or a
         petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization shall be filed
         against the Borrower or the Guarantor and such petition shall not
         be dismissed within sixty (60) days after such filing;

               (h)  If a final judgment, which with other outstanding final
         judgments against the Borrower or the Guarantor exceeds an
         aggregate of Eight Million Dollars ($8,000,000), in excess of
         insurance, shall be rendered against the Borrower or the Guarantor
         and if within 30 days after entry thereof such judgment shall not
         have been discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal,
         or if within 30 days after the expiration of any such stay such
         judgment shall not have been discharged; 

then at any time thereafter, the Bank may (a) pursuant to Section 902 of
the Indenture, advise the Trustee that an Event of Default has occurred and
instruct the Trustee to declare the principal of all Bonds then outstanding
and interest thereon to be immediately due and payable, and (b) proceed
hereunder, and under the Security Instruments and, to the extent therein
provided, under the Bond Documents, in such order as it may elect and the
Bank shall have no obligation to proceed against any Person or exhaust any
other remedy or remedies which it may have and without resorting to any
other security, whether held by or available to the Bank.  

         9.2.  No Remedy Exclusive.  No remedy herein conferred upon or
reserved to the Bank is intended to be exclusive of any other available
remedy or remedies, but each and every such remedy shall be cumulative and
shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder and the Security
Instruments or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute.

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE X

                               Miscellaneous

         10.1.  Indemnification.  (a) Each of the Borrower and the
Guarantor, jointly and severally, hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank
harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities,
costs or expenses whatsoever which the Bank may incur (or which may be
claimed against the Bank by any Person) (i) by reason of or in connection
with the execution and delivery or transfer of, or payment or failure to
pay under, the Letter of Credit, provided that the Borrower and the
Guarantor shall not be required to indemnify the Bank for any claims,
damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses to the extent, but only to
the extent, caused by (a) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the
Bank in connection with paying drafts presented under the Letter of Credit
or (b) the Bank's willful failure to pay under the Letter of Credit (other
than in connection with a court order) after the presentation to it by the
Trustee or a successor corporate fiduciary under the Indenture of a sight
draft and certificate strictly complying with the terms and conditions of
the Letter of Credit or (c) any other failure of the Bank to conform to the
Uniform Customs and Practice; or (ii) by reason of or in connection with
the execution, delivery or performance of any of this Agreement, the
Security Instruments or any transaction contemplated by any thereof.

         (b)   Each of the Borrower and the Guarantor, jointly and
severally, hereby indemnifies and holds the Bank harmless from and against
any and all damages, penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits, liabilities,
costs (including clean-up costs), judgments and expenses (including
attorneys', consultants' or experts' fees and expenses) of every kind and
nature suffered by or asserted against the Bank as a direct or indirect
result of any warranty or representation made by the Borrower and the
Guarantor in Sections 2.11 hereof, respectively, being false or untrue in
any material respect or any requirement under any law, regulation or
ordinance, local, state, or federal, which requires the elimination or
removal of any hazardous materials, substances, wastes or other
environmentally regulated substances at the Project Site, except to the
extent that any such damages, penalties, fines, claims, liens, suits,
liabilities, costs, judgments or expenses result directly or indirectly
from the actions of the Bank or any of its directors, officers,
shareholders or employees.  The Borrower's and the Guarantor's obligations
hereunder to the Bank shall not be limited to any extent by the term of
this Agreement, and, as to any act or occurrence prior to the termination
of this Agreement which gives rise to liability hereunder, shall continue,
survive and remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the termination
of the Bank's obligations hereunder.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, nothing in this
Section 10.1 is intended or shall be construed to limit the Borrower's
reimbursement obligation or the Guarantor's guaranty obligation contained
in Article IV hereof.  Without prejudice to the survival of any other
obligation of the Borrower or the Guarantor, the indemnities and
obligations of the Borrower and the Guarantor contained in this
Section 10.1 shall survive the payment in full of amounts payable pursuant
to Article IV and the Termination Date.

         10.2.  Transfer of Letter of Credit.  The Letter of Credit may be
transferred and assigned in accordance with the terms of the Letter of
Credit.

         10.3.  Reduction of Letter of Credit.  (a) The Letter of Credit is
subject to reduction pursuant to its terms.

               (b)  If the amount available to be drawn under the Letter of
Credit shall be permanently reduced in accordance with the terms thereof,
then the Bank shall have the right to require the Trustee to surrender the
Letter of Credit to the Bank and to issue on such date, in substitution for
such outstanding Letter of Credit, a substitute irrevocable letter of
credit, substantially in the form of the Letter of Credit but with such
changes therein as shall be appropriate to give effect to such reduction,
dated such date, for the amount to which the amount available to be drawn
under the Letter of Credit shall have been reduced.

         10.4.  Liability of the Bank.  Neither the Bank nor any of its
officers, directors, employees, agents or consultants shall be liable or
responsible for:

               (a)  the use which may be made of the Letter of Credit or
         for any acts or omissions of the Trustee or any beneficiary or
         transferee in connection therewith;

               (b)  the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of documents,
         or of any endorsement(s) thereon, even if such documents should in
         fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient,
         inaccurate, fraudulent or forged;

               (c)  payment by the Bank against presentation of documents
         which do not comply with the terms of the Letter of Credit,
         including failure of any documents to bear any reference or
         adequate reference to the Letter of Credit; or

               (d)  any other circumstances whatsoever in any way related
         to the making or failure to make payment under the Letter of
         Credit;

except only that the Borrower and the Guarantor shall have a claim against
the Bank, and the Bank shall be liable to the Borrower and the Guarantor,
to the extent but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to
consequential, damages suffered by the Borrower or the Guarantor which were
caused by (i) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Bank in
determining whether documents presented under the Letter of Credit complied
with the terms of the Letter of Credit or (ii) wrongful failure of the Bank
to pay under the Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the
Trustee or a successor trustee under the Indenture of a sight draft and
certificate strictly complying with the terms and conditions of the Letter
of Credit or (iii) any other failure of the Bank to conform to the
requirements of the Uniform Customs and Practice.  In furtherance and not
in limitation of the foregoing, the Bank may accept documents that appear
on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further
investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary.

         10.5.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding
upon the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Bank, their respective successors
and assigns and all rights against the Borrower or the Guarantor arising
under this Agreement shall be for the sole benefit of the Bank, its
successors and assigns, all of whom shall be entitled to enforce
performance and observance of this Agreement to the same extent as if they
were parties hereto.

         10.6.  Notices.  All notices, requests and demands to or upon the
respective parties hereto shall be deemed to have been given or made when
hand delivered or mailed first class, certified or registered mail, postage
prepaid, or by overnight courier service, addressed as follows or to such
other address as the parties hereto shall have been notified pursuant to
this Section 10.6:

         The Bank:            The First Union National Bank 
                                of North Carolina
                              Two First Union Center, 7th Floor
                              Charlotte, North Carolina 28288-0742
                              Attention:  International Operations

         with a copy to:      The First Union National Bank
                                of North Carolina
                              One First Union Plaza, 19th Floor
                              Charlotte, North Carolina  28288
                              Attention:  Capital Markets

         The Borrower:        Leslie Controls, Inc.
                              c/o Watts Industries, Inc.
                              815 Chestnut Street
                              North Andover, Massachusetts 01845
                              Attention:  Corporate Controller

         The Guarantor:       Watts Industries, Inc.
                              Route 114 and Chestnut Street
                              North Andover, MA  01845

except in cases where it is expressly herein provided that such notice,
request or demand is not effective until received by the party to whom it
is addressed, in which event said notice, request or demand shall be
effective only upon receipt by the addressee.

         10.7  Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended, modified or
discharged only upon an agreement in writing of the Borrower, the Guarantor
and the Bank.

         10.8.  Effect of Delay and Waivers.  No delay or omission to
exercise any right or power accruing upon any default, omission or failure
of performance hereunder shall impair any such right or power or shall be
construed to be a waiver thereof, but any such right and power may be
exercised from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.  In
order to entitle the Bank to exercise any remedy now or hereafter existing
at law or in equity or by statute, it shall not be necessary to give any
notice, other than such notice as may be herein expressly required.  In the
event any provision contained in this Agreement should be breached by any
party and thereafter waived by the other party so empowered to act, such
waiver shall be limited to the particular breach hereunder.  No waiver,
amendment, release or modification of this Agreement shall be established
by conduct, custom or course of dealing, but solely by an instrument in
writing duly executed by the parties thereunto duly authorized by this
Agreement.

         10.9.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed
simultaneously in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

         10.10.  Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
one or more phrases, sentences, clauses or Sections contained in this
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining
portions of this Agreement, or any part thereof.

         10.11.  Cost of Collection.  Each of the Borrower and the
Guarantor shall be liable for the payment of all reasonable fees and
expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (computed without regard to
any statutory presumption), incurred in connection with the enforcement of
this Agreement.

         10.12.  Set Off.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default
hereunder, the Bank is hereby authorized, without notice to the Borrower or
the Guarantor, to set off, appropriate and apply any and all monies,
securities and other properties of the Borrower or the Guarantor hereafter
held or received by or in transit to the Bank from or for the Borrower or
the Guarantor, against the obligations of the Borrower or the Guarantor
irrespective of whether the Bank shall have made any demand hereunder or
any other Credit Security Instrument under and although such obligations
may be contingent or unmatured.

         10.13.  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida.  The
Guarantor hereby acknowledge that the Letter of Credit shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with Uniform Customs and Practice.

         10.14.  References.  The words "herein", "hereof", "hereunder" and
other words of similar import when used in this Agreement refer to this
Agreement as a whole, and not to any particular article, section or
subsection.

         10.15.  Consent to Jurisdiction, Venue.  In the event that any
action, suit or other proceeding is brought against the Borrower or the
Guarantor by or on behalf of the Bank to enforce the observance or
performance of any of the provisions of this Agreement or of any of the
Security Instruments, including without limitation the collection of any
amounts owing thereunder, each of the Borrower and the Guarantor hereby
(i) irrevocably consents to the exercise of jurisdiction over the Borrower
and the Guarantor and to the extent permitted by applicable laws, their
property, by the United States District Court, Southern District of North
Carolina, and by Supreme Court of North Carolina or the State Court and
(ii) irrevocably waives any objection it might now or hereafter have or
assert to the venue of any such proceeding in any court described in
clause (i) above.

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower, the Guarantor and the Bank have
caused this Agreement to be executed in their respective names, as a sealed
instrument all as of the date first above written.

                                        THE BORROWER:

                                        LESLIE CONTROLS, INC.



                                        By: /s/ (Signature)
                                          ____________________________
                                           Title: Assistant Treasurer

<PAGE>

                                        THE GUARANTOR:

                                        WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.



                                        By: /s/ (Signature)
                                           ___________________________
                                           Title:  Vice President of Finance

<PAGE>
                                        THE BANK:

                                        THE FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK OF
                                        NORTH CAROLINA



                                        By: /s/ (Signature)
                                           ___________________________
                                             Title: AVP


ATTEST:


/s/ (Signature)
_______________________
Title: Ass't Sec'ty

                                        (Corporate Seal)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>

                                                                           






                              TRUST INDENTURE



           HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY


                                    and


                    THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                as Trustee



                               securing the

                                $4,765,000
           Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority
              Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds
               (Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1994





                         DATED AS OF July 1, 1994






                                                                           

<PAGE>
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                       Page

Parties. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
Recitals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1

Forms:
     Form of Bond. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2
     Form of Bondholder's Optional Retention Notice. . . . . . . . . . . 17


ARTICLE I  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION . . . . . . . . . . . . 18

     Section 101.   Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
     Section 102.   Rules of Construction. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

ARTICLE II THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

     Section 201.   Amount, Terms, and Issuance of the Bonds . . . . . . 28
     Section 202.   Designation, Denominations, Maturity Date and
                    Interest Rates of the Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
     Section 203.   Optional Tender Provisions of the Bonds. . . . . . . 32
     Section 204.   Registered Bonds Required; Bond Registrar and
                    Bond Register. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
     Section 205.   Transfer and Exchange. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
     Section 206.   Execution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
     Section 207.   Authentication; Authenticating Agent . . . . . . . . 35
     Section 208.   Payment of Principal and Interest; Interest
                    Rights Preserved . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
     Section 209.   Persons Deemed Owners. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     Section 210.   Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost, Stolen or Undelivered
                    Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
     Section 211.   Temporary Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
     Section 212.   Cancellation of Surrendered Bonds. . . . . . . . . . 38
     Section 213.   Conditions of Issuance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38

ARTICLE III         PURCHASE AND REMARKETING OF TENDERED BONDS . . . . . 40

     Section 301.   Remarketing of Tendered Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . 40
     Section 302.   Purchase of Bonds Delivered to the Tender Agent. . . 41
     Section 303.   Delivery of Purchased Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
     Section 304.   Delivery of the Proceeds of the Sale of
                    Remarketed Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
     Section 305.   No Remarketing After Certain Events. . . . . . . . . 43

ARTICLE IV REFUNDING OF PRIOR BONDS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

     Section 401.   Refunding of Prior Bonds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43

ARTICLE V  REVENUES AND APPLICATION THEREOF. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44

     Section 501.   Revenues to be Paid Over to Trustee. . . . . . . . . 44
     Section 502.   The Bond Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
     Section 503.   Revenues to Be Held for All Bondholders; Certain
                    Exceptions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
     Section 504.   Rebate Fund. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46

ARTICLE VI DEPOSITARIES OF MONEYS, SECURITY FOR
           DEPOSITS AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS; THE CREDIT FACILITY . . . . 47

     Section 601.   Security for Deposits. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
     Section 602.   Investment of Moneys . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
     Section 603.   The Credit Facility. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48

ARTICLE VII         REDEMPTION OR PURCHASE OF THE BONDS. . . . . . . . . 51

     Section 701.   Redemption or Purchase Dates and Prices. . . . . . . 51
     Section 702.   Company to Direct Optional Redemption. . . . . . . . 52
     Section 703.   Selection of Bonds to be Called for Redemption . . . 53
     Section 704.   Notice of Redemption or Purchase . . . . . . . . . . 53
     Section 705.   Bonds Redeemed or Purchased in Part. . . . . . . . . 54

ARTICLE VIII        PARTICULAR COVENANTS AND PROVISIONS. . . . . . . . . 54

     Section 801.   Covenant to Pay the Bonds; Bonds Limited
                    Obligations of the Issuer. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
     Section 802.   Covenants to Perform Obligations Under this
                    Indenture. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
     Section 803.   Covenant to Perform Obligations Under the Loan
                    Agreement. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
     Section 804.   Trustee May Enforce the Issuer's Rights Under the
                    Loan Agreement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
     Section 805.   Covenant Against Arbitrage . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
     Section 806.   Inspection of the Bond Register. . . . . . . . . . . 56
     Section 807.   Priority of Pledge and Security Interest . . . . . . 56
     Section 808.   Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds. . . . . . . . . 57

ARTICLE IX DEFAULT AND REMEDIES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57

     Section 901.   Defaults . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
     Section 902.   Acceleration and Annulment Thereof . . . . . . . . . 58
     Section 903.   Other Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
     Section 904.   Legal Proceedings by the Trustee . . . . . . . . . . 59
     Section 905.   Discontinuance of Proceedings by the Trustee . . . . 60
     Section 906.   Credit Facility Issuer or Bondholders May Direct
                    Proceedings. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
     Section 907.   Limitations on Actions by the Bondholders. . . . . . 60
     Section 908.   Trustee May Enforce Rights Without Possession of
                    the Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
     Section 909.   Remedies Not Exclusive . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
     Section 910.   Delays and Omissions Not to Impair Rights. . . . . . 61
     Section 911.   Application of Moneys in the Event of Default. . . . 61
     Section 912.   Trustee and Bondholders Entitled to All Remedies
                    Under the Act. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
     Section 913.   Trustee May File Claim in Bankruptcy . . . . . . . . 62
     Section 914.   Receiver . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63

ARTICLE X  CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63

     Section 1001.  Acceptance of the Trusts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63
     Section 1002.  Trustee to Give Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
     Section 1003.  Trustee Entitled to Indemnity. . . . . . . . . . . . 65
     Section 1004.  Trustee Not Responsible for Insurance, Taxes,
                    Execution of this Indenture, Acts of the Issuer
                    or Application of the Moneys Applied in
                    Accordance with this Indenture . . . . . . . . . . . 66
     Section 1005.  Compensation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1006.  Trustee to Preserve Records. . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1007.  Trustee May Be a Bondholder. . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
     Section 1008.  Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1009.  No Trustee Responsibility for Recording or Filing. . 68
     Section 1010.  Trustee May Require Information. . . . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1011.  Trustee May Rely on Certificates . . . . . . . . . . 68
     Section 1012.  Trustee Bond . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
     Section 1013.  Segregation of Funds; Interests. . . . . . . . . . . 69
     Section 1014.  Qualification of the Trustee . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
     Section 1015.  Resignation and Removal of the Trustee . . . . . . . 69
     Section 1016.  Successor Trustee. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
     Section 1017.  Co-Trustee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71
     Section 1018.  Notice to Moody's or S&P . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72
     Section 1019.  Filing of Certain Continuation Statements. . . . . . 72

ARTICLE XI EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS BY THE BONDHOLDERS
           AND PROOF OF OWNERSHIP OF THE BONDS . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73

     Section 1101.  Execution of Instruments by the Bondholders and
                    Proof of Ownership of the Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . 73
     Section 1102.  Preservation of Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . 73

ARTICLE XII         THE REMARKETING AGENT; THE
           TENDER AGENT; THE PLACEMENT AGENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74

     Section 1201.  The Remarketing Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74
     Section 1202.  The Tender Agent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
     Section 1203.  The Placement Agent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
     Section 1204.  Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75

ARTICLE XIII        AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76

     Section 1301.  Amendments and Supplements Without the
                    Bondholders' Consent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
     Section 1302.  Amendments With the Bondholders' and the Credit
                    Facility Issuer's Consent. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
     Section 1303.  Supplemental Indentures Affecting the Rights of
                    the Credit Facility Issuer . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
     Section 1304.  Amendment of the Loan Agreement. . . . . . . . . . . 77
     Section 1305.  Amendment of the Loan Agreement Requiring the
                    Consent of the Credit Facility Issuer. . . . . . . . 78
     Section 1306.  Amendment of the Credit Facility . . . . . . . . . . 78
     Section 1307.  Trustee Authorized to Join in Amendments and
                    Supplements; Reliance on Counsel . . . . . . . . . . 79

ARTICLE XIV         DEFEASANCE; OTHER PAYMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79

     Section 1401.  Defeasance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79
     Section 1402.  Deposit of Funds for Payment of the Bonds. . . . . . 81
     Section 1403.  Effect of Purchase of the Bonds. . . . . . . . . . . 81

ARTICLE XV MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81

     Section 1501.  Covenants of the Issuer to Bind its Successors . . . 81
     Section 1502.  Notices. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
     Section 1503.  Trustee as the Paying Agent and the Bond
                    Registrar. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1504.  Rights Under this Indenture. . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1505.  Form of Certificates and Opinions. . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1506.  Severability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
     Section 1507.  Covenants of the Issuer Not Covenants of
                    Officials Individually . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
     Section 1508.  State Law Governs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
     Section 1509.  Payments Due on Days Other Than Business Days. . . . 84
     Section 1510.  Execution in Counterparts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85

EXHIBIT A. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86

EXHIBIT B. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88

<PAGE>
                         _________________________

                              TRUST INDENTURE

                         _________________________


     This TRUST INDENTURE, dated as of July 1, 1994, between Hillsborough
County Industrial Development Authority (the "Issuer"), a public body
corporate and politic and a public instrumentality created pursuant to the
laws of the State of Florida, and The First National Bank of Boston, a
national banking association, having its principal office in Boston,
Massachusetts (in its capacity as trustee to be hereinafter referred to as
the "Trustee").

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Issuer intends to (a) issue and sell its variable rate
industrial revenue refunding bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
$4,765,000 (the "Bonds"); (b) pursuant to a Loan Agreement (the "Loan
Agreement") of even date herewith, loan the proceeds of the Bonds to Leslie
Controls, Inc. (the "Company") to be used to refund the outstanding
principal amount of Issuer's $7,200,000 Hillsborough County Industrial
Development Authority Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Leslie
Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1986 Bonds (the "Prior Bonds"); and (c) to
secure the repayment of the Bonds by (1) the assignment contained herein
from the Issuer to the Trustee, pursuant to which the Issuer assigns to the
Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders (hereinafter defined) certain of
its rights under the Loan Agreement, endorses without recourse to the order
of, and pledges and assigns to, the Trustee, the Note of even date herewith
issued by the Company pursuant to the Loan Agreement (the "Note"), and (2)
the delivery to the Trustee of an irrevocable direct pay letter of credit
dated the date of issuance of the Bonds in the amount of $5,003,250  issued
by First Union National Bank of North Carolina;

     WHEREAS, as security for the payment of the Bonds, the Issuer has
agreed to assign and pledge to the Trustee all right, title and interest of
the Issuer in (a) the Loan Agreement (except certain rights reserved by the
Issuer under the terms of this Indenture), (b) the "Pledged Revenues"
(hereinafter defined), (c) all amounts on deposit from time to time in the
"Bond Fund" (hereinafter defined), but excluding any amounts on deposit in
the "Rebate Account" (hereinafter defined) and (d) all amounts or deposit
from time to time in the "Redemption Fund" (hereinafter defined); and 

     WHEREAS, the Company and First Union National Bank of North Carolina,
a national banking association (the "Bank") have entered into a Letter of
Credit and Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 1, 1994
(the "Reimbursement Agreement") pursuant to which the Bank has agreed to
issue its irrevocable direct-pay letter of credit, dated the date of the
delivery of the Bonds (the "Letter of Credit"), in favor of the Trustee,
for the account of the Company obligating the Bank to pay the Trustee upon
draws made by the Trustee in accordance with the terms thereof, up to (i)
an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then
Outstanding (as hereinafter defined) to be used by the Trustee (a) to pay
the principal of such Bonds whether at maturity, upon redemption,
acceleration or otherwise, and (b) to pay the portion of the purchase price
equal to the principal amount of any such Bonds delivered to the Tender
Agent (hereinafter defined) for purchase, plus (ii) an amount equal to up
to one hundred twenty (120) days' accrued interest on the Bonds at the
maximum interest rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum, to be used by the
Trustee to pay accrued interest on the Bonds and to pay the portion of the
purchase price of tendered Bonds equal to the accrued interest, if any, on
any such Bonds; and

     WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Bonds, when authenticated by
the Trustee and issued and delivered as provided in this Indenture, the
legal, valid, binding and enforceable limited obligations of the Issuer,
according to the import thereof, and to create a valid assignment and
pledge of the Pledged Revenues to the payment of the principal of, and the
redemption premium (if any) and the interest on, the Bonds and a valid
assignment of certain of the rights, title and interest of the Issuer in
the Loan Agreement and the Note, have been done and performed, and the
execution, issuance and delivery of the Bonds, subject to the terms hereof,
have in all respects been authorized; and 

     WHEREAS, the Trustee has accepted the trusts created by this Indenture
and in evidence thereof has joined in the execution hereof; and

     WHEREAS, the Issuer has determined that the Bonds to be issued
hereunder shall be substantially in the following form, with such
variations, omissions and insertions as are required or permitted by this
Indenture:

                              [Form of Bond]
                                                           CUSIP 432321-DF1

THE ISSUER IS NOT OBLIGATED TO PAY THE PRINCIPAL OF, REDEMPTION PREMIUM, IF
ANY, OR INTEREST ON THIS BOND EXCEPT FROM THE REVENUES AND PROCEEDS PLEDGED
THEREFOR PURSUANT TO THE INDENTURE, AND NEITHER THE FAITH AND CREDIT NOR
THE TAXING POWER OF THE ISSUER OR OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA OR OF ANY
POLITICAL SUBDIVISION THEREOF IS PLEDGED TO THE PAYMENT THEREOF.  THIS BOND
SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE A DEBT, LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION OF THE
ISSUER, HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY OR OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA OR ANY POLITICAL
SUBDIVISION THEREOF WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY PROVISION OF THE CONSTITUTION
OR LAWS OF THE STATE AND SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE OR GIVE RISE TO A PECUNIARY
LIABILITY OF THE ISSUER OR OF THE STATE OR ANY POLITICAL SUBDIVISION
THEREOF.

THIS BOND MAY BE TENDERED FOR PURCHASE AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.  DELIVERY OF AN
OPTIONAL TENDER NOTICE WITH RESPECT TO THIS BOND CONSTITUTES AN IRREVOCABLE
OFFER TO SELL THIS BOND ON THE DATE SPECIFIED THEREIN AND IS BINDING ON
SUBSEQUENT OWNERS OF THIS BOND.  IN THE EVENT THE OWNER OF THIS BOND FAILS
TO DELIVER THIS BOND TO THE TENDER AGENT ON THE SPECIFIED DATE, THE OWNER
HEREOF SHALL THEREAFTER BE ENTITLED ONLY TO PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE
AND NOT TO THE BENEFITS OF THE INDENTURE.  THIS BOND ALSO IS SUBJECT TO
MANDATORY TENDER AND PURCHASE AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.


           HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY
               INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT REVENUE REFUNDING BOND
               (LESLIE CONTROLS, INC. PROJECT), SERIES 1994

                                                            No. R-_________

Registered Owner:  __________________________

Principal Amount:  __________________________

Maturity Date:  First Business Day of August, 2019

Initial Interest Rate:  3.15 %

Interest Payment Dates:  The first Business Day of each March, June,
                         September and December, commencing the first
                         Business Day of September, 1994, the Conversion
                         Date (hereinafter defined) and the Maturity Date.

Original Delivery Date:  August 4, 1994

     HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (herein called
the "Issuer"), a public body corporate and politic and a public
instrumentality created pursuant to the laws of the State of Florida
(herein called the "State"), for value received, hereby promises to pay
(but only from the sources hereinafter mentioned) to the Registered Owner
set forth above, or registered assigns, the Principal Amount set forth
above on the Maturity Date set forth above and to pay (but only from the
sources hereinafter mentioned) interest thereon from the Interest Payment
Date immediately preceding the Date of Authentication endorsed hereon,
unless this Bond is authenticated on an Interest Payment Date in which
event it will bear interest from such date or unless it is authenticated
prior to the first Business Day of September, 1994, in which event it will
bear interest from the Date of Authentication, payable on each Interest
Payment Date, until payment of said principal sum has been made or provided
for, at the rate or rates per annum set forth below.  Principal and
interest and premium, if any, will be paid in any coin or currency of the
United States of America which, at the time of payment, is legal tender for
the payment of public and private debts.  Interest will be paid by check
mailed on the Interest Payment Date to the person in whose name this Bond
is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date (as
hereinafter defined) immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date;
provided, however, that while the Bonds (as hereinafter defined) bear
interest at the Variable Rate (as hereinafter defined) interest will also
be payable by wire transfer to the account at a member bank of the Federal
Reserve System of any registered owner of Bonds in the aggregate principal
amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) or more at the written request
(identifying such account by number) of such owner received by the Trustee
(as hereinafter defined) on or before the Regular Record Date.  While the
Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate (as hereinafter defined), the
Regular Record Date will be the close of business on the Business Day
immediately preceding each Interest Payment Date.  While the Bonds bear
interest at the Fixed Rate (as hereinafter defined), the Regular Record
Date will be the fifteenth (15th) day of the calendar month immediately
preceding each Interest Payment Date.  Any such interest not so punctually
paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the owner
on such Regular Record Date, and may be paid to the person in whose name
this Bond is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date
(as defined in the Indenture (hereinafter defined)) for the payment of such
defaulted interest to be fixed by the Trustee, or may be paid at any time
in any other lawful manner, all as more fully provided in the Indenture. 
Principal and redemption price will be paid upon surrender of this Bond at
the principal corporate trust office of The First National Bank of Boston,
as Trustee (said banking institution and any successor trustee or
co-trustee under the Indenture being herein called the "Trustee"), in the
Town of Canton, Massachusetts.  Payment of the purchase price of Bonds
purchased as described herein will be paid, upon surrender of such Bonds,
at the office of The First National Bank of Boston, in the Town of Canton,
Massachusetts (in such capacity, herein called the "Tender Agent").

     This Bond is issued under and pursuant to the Constitution and laws of
the State of Florida (the "State"), particularly the Florida Industrial
Development Financing Act, Parts II and III of Chapter 159, Florida
Statutes, as amended from time to time, and the resolution of the Board of
County Commissioners of Hillsborough County, Florida adopted on October 27,
1971 organizing the Issuer  (collectively the "Act"), and under and
pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Issuer on July 25, 1994.  This
Bond and the issue of which it is a part and the purchase price thereof,
the premium, if any, and interest thereon are limited obligations of the
Issuer payable by the Issuer solely from the revenues and receipts derived
from the Loan Agreement (as hereinafter defined), including payments
received under the Note (as hereinafter defined), which revenues and
receipts have been pledged and assigned to the Trustee to secure payment
thereof and from amounts received pursuant to the Credit Facility (as
hereinafter defined).  This Bond and the interest hereon will not
constitute an indebtedness or a charge against the general credit or taxing
powers of the Issuer, Hillsborough County, the State of Florida or any
political subdivision thereof within the meaning of any constitutional
provision or statutory limitation and shall never constitute nor give rise
to any pecuniary liability of the Issuer, but will be a limited obligation
of the Issuer payable solely from the revenues and other funds pledged
therefor and will not be payable from any assets or funds of the Issuer
other than the revenues and other funds pledged therefor, and neither the
faith and credit nor the taxing power of the State or any political
subdivision or any agency thereof is pledged to the payment of the
principal of or the interest on this Bond.

     This Bond is one of the Bonds of a duly authorized issue of variable
rate industrial revenue bonds of the Issuer in the aggregate original
principal amount of $4,765,000 and designated "Hillsborough County
Industrial Development Authority Industrial Development Revenue Refunding
Bonds (Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1994" (the "Bonds").

     The Bonds are being issued for the purpose of refunding in whole the
outstanding principal amount of the $7,200,000 Hillsborough County
Industrial Development Authority Industrial Development Revenue Bonds
(Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1986 (the "Prior Bonds"), the
proceeds of which were used to finance, in whole or in part, the cost of
acquiring, constructing and installing a certain project in Hillsborough
County owned and operated by the Company (the "Project").

     This Bond is issued under and pursuant to a Trust Indenture dated as
of July 1, 1994 (said Trust Indenture, together with all such supplements
and amendments thereto as therein permitted, being herein called the
"Indenture"), by and between the Issuer and The First National Bank of
Boston, as trustee (said banking institution and any successor trustee or
co-trustee under the Indenture being herein called the "Trustee").  An
executed counterpart of the Indenture is on file at the principal corporate
trust office of the Trustee.  Reference is hereby made to the Indenture for
the provisions, among others, with respect to the custody and application
of the proceeds of the Bonds; the collection and disposition of revenues; a
description of the funds charged with and pledged to the payment of the
principal of and interest on and any other amounts payable under the Bonds;
the nature and extent of the security; the terms and conditions under which
the Bonds are or may be issued; and the rights, duties and obligations of
the Issuer and of the Trustee and the rights of the owners of the Bonds,
and, by the acceptance of this Bond, the owner hereof assents to all of the
provisions of the Indenture.

     The Issuer has entered into a Loan Agreement dated as of July 1, 1994
(herein called the "Loan Agreement"), with Leslie Controls, Inc., a New
Jersey corporation (herein called the "Company"), under which the Issuer
has agreed to lend to the Company the proceeds of this bond (the "Loan")
and in consideration and as evidence of the Loan, the Company has agreed to
issue its promissory note (herein called the "Note") in the principal
amount, payable in installments, bearing interest at a rate or rates and
payable at times corresponding to the principal amount of, installments of
principal of, interest rates on and due dates of the Bonds.  The Loan
Agreement also provides for the payment by the Company of certain fees and
expenses of the Issuer and the Trustee, and the Loan Agreement further
obligates the Company (a) to pay the cost of maintaining the Project in
good repair in all material respects and keeping the same properly insured
and (b) to maintain a Credit Facility (as hereinafter defined) during the
period of time the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate (herein called
the "Variable Rate Period").

     As security for the payment of the Bonds, all right, title and
interest of the Issuer in (a) the Loan Agreement (except certain rights
reserved by the Issuer under the terms of the Indenture), together with the
Loan Agreement, (b) the Pledged Revenues, (c) all amounts on deposit from
time to time in the Bond Fund (defined in the Indenture), but excluding any
amounts on deposit in the "Rebate Account" (defined in the Indenture), and
(d) all amounts on deposit from time to time in the Redemption Fund
(defined in the Indenture) have been assigned to the Trustee under the
Indenture and pledged to the payment of the principal of, and the
redemption premium (if any) and the interest on, the Bonds.  The Issuer
shall not be vested with any interest in the Project by virtue of the
issuance of the Bonds, and the Project shall not otherwise constitute any
part of the security for the payment of the Bonds.

     Reference to the Indenture is hereby made for a description of the
aforesaid Bond Fund which is charged with, and pledged to, the payment of
the principal of, and the redemption premium (if any) and the interest on,
the Bonds, the nature and extent of the security, the rights, duties and
obligations of the Issuer, the Company and the Trustee, the rights of the
owners of the Bonds, the terms and conditions under and upon the occurrence
of which the Indenture and the Loan Agreement may be modified and the terms
and conditions under and upon the occurrence of which the lien of the
Indenture may be defeased as to this Bond prior to the maturity or
redemption date hereof, to all of the provisions of which the owner hereof,
by the acceptance of this Bond, assents.

     Credit Facility.  The Company has entered into a Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement dated as of July 1, 1994 (herein
called the "Reimbursement Agreement") by and among the Company, Watts
Industries, Inc, as guarantor and First Union National Bank of North
Carolina (in such capacity, herein called the "Bank").

     Pursuant to the Reimbursement Agreement, the Company has caused a
Letter of Credit issued by the Bank (herein called the "Letter of Credit";
such Letter of Credit and any extensions or renewals thereof or any
amendment thereto and any Alternate Credit Facility (as hereinafter
defined) referred to herein as the "Credit Facility"), to be delivered to
the Trustee.  The Trustee will be entitled under the Letter of Credit to
draw up to an amount of $5,003,250, of which (a) $4,765,000 will be
available for the payment of principal or that portion of the purchase
price corresponding to principal of the Bonds and (b) $238,250 will support
the payment of up to one hundred twenty (120) days' interest or that
portion of the purchase price corresponding to interest on the Bonds at a
maximum rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum.  Subject to the provisions
of the Indenture, the Company is required during the Variable Rate Period
to provide an alternate credit facility with terms and provisions
substantially the same as those of the Letter of Credit (an "Alternate
Credit Facility") prior to the termination of Letter of Credit.  During the
Variable Rate Period unless the Letter of Credit or the then current
Alternate Credit Facility is replaced prior to its expiration in accordance
with the terms of the Indenture, this Bond will become subject to mandatory
redemption as provided in the Indenture.

     Source of Funds.  The principal of, premium, if any, and interest on
the Bonds are payable solely from payments on the Note, under the Loan
Agreement and from any other moneys held by the Trustee under the Indenture
for such purpose, including, with respect to principal and interest only,
moneys drawn by the Trustee under the Letter of Credit or Alternate Credit
Facility for the benefit of the Bondholders (the Bank as the issuer of the
Letter of Credit and the institution issuing any Alternate Credit Facility
are herein called the "Credit Facility Issuer").  Except as otherwise
specified in the Indenture, this Bond is entitled to the benefits of the
Indenture equally and ratably both as to principal (and redemption and
purchase price) and interest with all other Bonds issued under the
Indenture.

                              INTEREST RATES

     Initial Interest Rate.

     The Bonds will bear interest from the Original Delivery Date to August
10, 1994 at the Initial Interest Rate.

     Variable Rate.

     After August 10, 1994, prior to (and including) the Conversion Date
(hereinafter defined), the Bonds will bear interest at a rate equal to a
floating rate established as hereinafter provided (herein called the
"Variable Rate").  The Variable Rate will be equal to the rate of interest
certified to the Trustee by First Union National Bank of North Carolina as
remarketing agent for the Bonds (herein, with its successors in such
capacity, called the "Remarketing Agent") on and as of each Wednesday (or
the next succeeding Business Day (as defined in the Indenture) if such
Wednesday is not a Business Day) (herein called the "Determination Date")
as the minimum rate of interest necessary, in the judgment of the
Remarketing Agent taking into account market conditions prevailing on the
Determination Date, to enable the Remarketing Agent to arrange for the sale
of all of the Bonds on the Determination Date in the secondary market at a
price equal to the principal amount thereof (plus interest accrued to the
date of settlement).  If the Remarketing Agent fails to certify such rate,
the Variable Rate for the next Calculation Period or Periods (hereinafter
defined) until thereafter certified by the Remarketing Agent will remain
the same as that most recently established and certified by the Remarketing
Agent.  In the event the Remarketing Agent fails to certify such rate for
four (4) consecutive Calculation Periods, the rate for each Calculation
Period thereafter (if none is certified by the Remarketing Agent) will be
ninety percent (90%) of the yield for United States Treasury bills maturing
approximately thirty (30) days after the Determination Date as published by
The Wall Street Journal on such Determination Date (or, if The Wall Street
Journal is no longer published, then any reasonably equivalent financial
publication selected by the Remarketing Agent) (or the next preceding
Business Day on which The Wall Street Journal is published if not published
on the Determination Date).  For purposes hereof, "Calculation Period"
shall mean the period from and including the day following the
Determination Date of each week (even if not a Business Day) to and
including the following Determination Date; provided that if during the
Variable Period the Determination Date at the end of such Calculation
Period is a Regular Record Date, such Calculation Period will extend until
the Business Day following such Determination Date.  If, for any reason,
the Variable Rate is not determined as described above or is held to be
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction for any
period, the interest rate for each such period will be equal to eight
percent (8.00%) per annum.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in the Indenture, the Variable Rate will not be a rate
of interest in excess of fifteen percent (15.00%) per annum.  Interest
prior to the Conversion Date (hereinafter defined) will be computed on the
basis of a three hundred sixty-five (365) or three hundred sixty-six (366)
day year, as applicable, for the number of days actually elapsed, and will
be payable on each Interest Payment Date.

     Fixed Rate.

     (a)  The interest rate on this Bond will be converted to the Fixed
Rate upon an election by the Company pursuant to the Indenture to convert
the rate of interest on all Bonds then outstanding from the Variable Rate
to the Fixed Rate upon satisfaction of certain conditions and notice given
by the Company and by the Trustee in accordance with the requirements of
the Indenture, and the Bonds shall be subject to mandatory tender for
purchase by the owners thereof on the Conversion Date, which shall be an
Interest Payment Date.  On and after the Conversion Date the owners of the
Bonds will not be entitled to tender Bonds for purchase.  On or before the
Conversion Date, the Placement Agent will determine the Fixed Rate in the
manner described in subsection (c) below, and will promptly notify the
Company and the Trustee of the Fixed Rate.

     (b)  At least twenty (20) but not more than thirty (30) days prior to
the Conversion Date, a notice will be mailed by the Trustee to each
registered owner of Bonds stating, among other things, (1) the Conversion
Date, (2) the name and address of the placement agent which has agreed to
use its best efforts to arrange for the sale of any Bonds to be tendered or
deemed tendered for purchase on the Conversion Date (herein called the
"Placement Agent"), (3) that after the seventeenth (17th) day preceding the
Conversion Date, the owner will not be entitled to deliver an Optional
Tender Notice and that after the tenth (10th) day preceding the Conversion
Date, the owner will not be entitled to tender this Bond for purchase as
described below, (4) that this Bond will be deemed tendered for purchase on
the Conversion Date, (5) that in order to receive payment of the purchase
price of any Bond which is deemed to have been tendered, the registered
owner of such Bond must deliver such Bond to the office of the Tender Agent
before 10 a.m. Eastern time on the Conversion Date, and (6) that interest
on any Bond will be payable only to (but not including) the Conversion
Date.

     Any Bonds not so tendered on the Conversion Date ("Undelivered
Bonds"), for which there has been irrevocably deposited in trust with the
Trustee an amount of moneys sufficient to pay the purchase price of the
Undelivered Bonds, shall be deemed to have been tendered and purchased at
the purchase price.  IN THE EVENT OF A FAILURE BY AN OWNER OF BONDS TO
TENDER ITS BONDS ON OR PRIOR TO THE CONVERSION DATE, SAID OWNER SHALL NOT
BE ENTITLED TO ANY PAYMENT (INCLUDING ANY INTEREST TO ACCRUE SUBSEQUENT TO
THE CONVERSION DATE) OTHER THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR SUCH UNTENDERED
BONDS, AND ANY UNTENDERED BONDS SHALL NO LONGER BE ENTITLED TO THE BENEFITS
OF THE INDENTURE, EXCEPT FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE
THEREFOR.

     (c)  Upon the Conversion Date stated in such notice, the Fixed Rate to
be borne by the Bonds for the period beginning on the Conversion Date and
ending on the Maturity Date or prior redemption of the Bonds (the "Fixed
Rate"), will be the interest rate per annum which, in the sole judgment of
the Placement Agent, taking into account prevailing financial market
conditions, would be the minimum interest rate required to sell such Bonds
on the Conversion Date at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount
thereof.  The Fixed Rate shall be determined by the Placement Agent on or
before the Conversion Date, and the Placement Agent shall notify the
Trustee and the Company thereof by telephone or such other manner as may be
appropriate by not later than 2:00 p.m., Eastern time on such date, which
notice shall be promptly confirmed in writing.

     (d)  If, for any reason, the Fixed Rate is held to be invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Fixed Rate will be
eight percent (8.00%) per annum.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein or in the Indenture, the Fixed Rate will not be a rate of
interest in excess of fifteen percent (15.00%) per annum.

     (e)  The Fixed Rate will be computed on the basis of a three hundred
sixty (360)-day year, computed for the actual number of days elapsed, and
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date after the Conversion Date
until the principal of, and premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds
shall have been paid in full.

     Interest Rate Determination Binding.

     The determination of the interest rate on the Bonds by the Remarketing
Agent or Placement Agent, as appropriate, in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture will be conclusive and binding upon the registered owners of
the Bonds, the Issuer, the Company, the Trustee, the Remarketing Agent, the
Placement Agent, the Tender Agent and the Credit Facility Issuer.

                            REDEMPTION OF BONDS

     Optional Redemption.

     (a)  While the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, the Bonds
will be subject to redemption upon the written direction of the Issuer,
given at the request of the Company, on any Interest Payment Date and on
the Conversion Date, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to
one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof without premium
plus interest accrued to the redemption date.

     (b)  While the Bonds bear interest at the Fixed Rate, the Bonds will
be subject to redemption upon the written direction of the Issuer, given at
the request of the Company, in whole or in part, on any Interest Payment
Date occurring on or after the dates set forth below, at the redemption
prices (with a premium expressed as a percentage of principal amount to be
redeemed) set forth below plus interest accrued to the redemption date as
follows:

          Commencement of
          Redemption Period         Redemption Price

          The Business Day four     103%, declining by 1/2% on each
          (4) years from the        succeeding anniversary of the first 
          Conversion Date           day of the redemption period until
                                    reaching 100% and thereafter at 100%

     (c)  The Bonds will be subject to redemption upon the written
direction of the Issuer, given at the request of the Company, at any time
in whole or in part at a redemption price equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to the
redemption date in the event of damage, destruction or condemnation of the
Project, all as more fully described in Section 701(b) of the Indenture.

     Mandatory Redemption.

     (a)  The Bonds will be subject to mandatory redemption in whole on any
date at a redemption price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the
principal amount thereof plus accrued interest to the redemption date
within one hundred eighty (180) days after receipt by the Trustee of a
written notice of a Determination of Taxability (as defined in the Loan
Agreement).

     (b)  During the Variable Rate Period, the Bonds will be subject to
mandatory redemption in whole on the Interest Payment Date occurring
closest to but not after fifteen (15) days prior to the date of expiration
of the then current Credit Facility unless prior to such date an Alternate
Credit Facility has been provided in accordance with the Indenture, at a
redemption price or purchase price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of
the principal amount thereof, without premium, plus interest accrued to the
redemption date.

     Notice of Redemption and Selection of Bonds.

     Any notice of redemption, identifying the Bonds or portions thereof to
be redeemed, will be given not more than sixty (60) days and not less than
twenty (20) days prior to the redemption date, by mailing a copy of the
redemption notice by first class mail to the owner of each Bond to be
redeemed in whole or in part at the address shown on the Bond Register
maintained by the Bond Registrar.  Notice of optional redemption may be
conditioned upon the deposit of moneys with the Trustee before the date
fixed for redemption and such notice will be of no effect unless such
moneys are so deposited.  All Bonds so called for redemption, including
Bonds purchased by the Company as provided in the Indenture but not yet
surrendered for payment of the purchase price, will cease to bear interest
on the specified redemption date provided funds for their redemption price
and any accrued interest payable on the specified redemption date are on
deposit at the principal place of payment at that time.  If less than all
the Bonds are to be redeemed, the particular Bonds to be called for
redemption will be selected in the following order of priority:  first,
Bonds pledged to the Credit Facility Issuer; second, Bonds owned by the
Company and third, Bonds selected by any random or other method determined
by the Trustee in its sole discretion.

     Mandatory Purchase Upon Conversion to Fixed Rate.

     The Bonds will be subject to mandatory purchase in whole (and not in
part) on the Conversion Date at a purchase price equal to one hundred
percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued
thereon to the date of purchase.

     THE OWNER OF THIS BOND, BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES TO THE MANDATORY
PURCHASE OF THIS BOND AS PROVIDED IN THE INDENTURE, AND AGREES THAT THIS
BOND WILL BE PURCHASED ON THE DATE SPECIFIED UPON DEPOSIT WITH THE TRUSTEE
OF AN AMOUNT SUFFICIENT TO PAY THE PURCHASE PRICE HEREOF.  THE OWNER OF
THIS BOND ALSO UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT IN THE EVENT THE OWNER FAILS TO
DELIVER THIS BOND, PROPERLY ENDORSED FOR TRANSFER, TO THE TRUSTEE ON THE
DATE SPECIFIED, INTEREST WILL CEASE TO ACCRUE HEREON ON SUCH SPECIFIED DATE
AND THE OWNER HEREOF WILL THEREAFTER BE ENTITLED ONLY TO PAYMENT OF THE
PURCHASE PRICE AND NOT TO THE BENEFIT OF THE INDENTURE.

     Purchase at Option of the Owner During Variable Rate Period.

     While the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, any Bond or
portion thereof in an authorized denomination will be purchased on the
demand of the owner thereof, on any Business Day at a purchase price equal
to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest
accrued to the date of purchase upon delivery to the Tender Agent of an
Optional Tender Notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (herein
called the "Optional Tender Notice") specifying the date on which such Bond
will be purchased, which date will be a Business Day not prior to the
seventh (7th) day after the date of delivery of the Optional Tender Notice. 
To receive payment of the purchase price, the owner will be required to
deliver such Bond to the Tender Agent, accompanied by an executed form of
assignment and any other instruments of transfer satisfactory to the
Trustee, not less than five (5) days prior to the purchase date specified
in such notice as provided in the Indenture; provided, however, that any
owner which is an investment company registered pursuant to the Investment
Company Act of 1940 may deliver such Bond to the Tender Agent at or prior
to 10:00 a.m. on the date of purchase.  No purchase of Bonds at the option
of the owner thereof or on the Conversion Date will be deemed to be a
payment or redemption of the Bonds or any portion thereof.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no owner will have a right to tender its Bond(s) for
purchase as described in this paragraph following acceleration of the
payment of the Bonds pursuant to the terms of the Indenture or after the
Conversion Date.

THE OWNER OF THIS BOND, BY ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES THAT DELIVERY OF THE
WRITTEN NOTICE DESCRIBED IN THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPH BY THE OWNER
CONSTITUTES AN IRREVOCABLE OFFER TO SELL THIS BOND ON THE DATE SPECIFIED,
AND THAT THIS BOND WILL BE PURCHASED ON SUCH DATE UPON DEPOSIT WITH THE
TENDER AGENT OF AN AMOUNT SUFFICIENT TO PAY THE PURCHASE PRICE HEREOF.  THE
OWNER OF THIS BOND ALSO UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT IN THE EVENT THE OWNER
FAILS TO DELIVER THIS BOND, PROPERLY ENDORSED FOR TRANSFER, TO THE TENDER
AGENT ON THE DATE SPECIFIED IN THE NOTICE, THIS BOND WILL BE HELD BY THE
OWNER AS AGENT FOR THE COMPANY, INTEREST WILL CEASE TO ACCRUE HEREON AS OF
THE DATE SPECIFIED IN THE NOTICE AND THE OWNER HEREOF WILL THEREAFTER BE
ENTITLED ONLY TO PAYMENT OF THE PURCHASE PRICE AND NOT TO THE BENEFITS OF
THE INDENTURE AND THE ISSUER WILL, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EXECUTE
AND THE TRUSTEE WILL AUTHENTICATE AND DELIVER A SUBSTITUTE BOND IN LIEU OF
THE UNDELIVERED BOND.

     Tender Agent.

     The Issuer has appointed The First National Bank of Boston as Tender
Agent.  The Tender Agent may be changed at any time by the Company with the
consent of the Trustee.

     Authorized Denominations.

     Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Bonds are issuable as
registered Bonds in the denomination of One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000) or any integral multiple of $5,000 in excess thereof; provided
that if less than $100,000 in principal amount of Bonds is Outstanding, one
Bond shall be issued in such smaller denomination; and provided further,
that subsequent to the initial issuance of the Bonds, replacement or
substitution Bonds or Bonds issued in exchange in accordance with the
provisions of Section 205 of the Indenture may be issued in denominations
of $5,000 or integral multiples thereof.  Subject to the limitations
provided in the Indenture and upon payment of any tax or governmental
charge, if any, Bonds may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal
amount of Bonds of other authorized denominations.

     Transfer.

     This Bond is transferable by the registered owner hereof or his duly
authorized attorney at the principal corporate trust office of The First
National Bank of Boston, as Bond Registrar, in Canton, Massachusetts, in
compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture and
upon surrender of this Bond, provided that transfers in connection with the
remarketing hereof will be made at the corporate trust office of the
Trustee in Canton, Massachusetts, accompanied by a duly executed instrument
of transfer in form satisfactory to the Bond Registrar, subject to such
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Bond Registrar or the Trustee may
prescribe and upon payment of any tax or other governmental charge incident
to such transfer, PROVIDED THAT IF MONEYS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THIS BOND
HAVE BEEN PROVIDED PURSUANT TO A DRAW UNDER THE CREDIT FACILITY, THIS BOND
IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANYONE OTHER THAN THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSIGNEE OR
PLEDGEE.  Upon any such transfer, the Trustee shall cause a new Bond or
Bonds registered in the name of the transferee or transferees in
denominations authorized by the Indenture and in the same aggregate
principal amount as the principal amount of this Bond (and of the same
maturity and bearing interest at the same rate) will be issued to the
transferee.  Except as set forth in this Bond and as otherwise provided in
the Indenture, the person in whose name this Bond is registered will be
deemed the owner hereof for all purposes, and the Issuer, the Bond
Registrar and the Trustee will not be affected by any notice to the
contrary.

     The owner of this Bond will have no right to enforce the provisions of
the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or
to take any action with respect to any Event of Default under the Indenture
or to institute, appear in or defend any suit or other proceeding with
respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture.

     In certain events, on the conditions, in the manner and with the
effect set forth in the Indenture, the principal of this Bond may become or
may be declared due and payable before the stated maturity hereof, together
with the interest accrued hereon.

     Modifications or alterations of the Loan Agreement and the Indenture
and any supplement or amendment thereto may be made only to the extent and
in the circumstances permitted by the Indenture and may be made in certain
cases without the consent of the owners of the Bonds.

     Anything herein or in the Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding,
the obligations of the Issuer hereunder will be subject to the limitation
that payment of interest to the owner of this Bond will not be required to
the extent that receipt of any such payment by the owner of this Bond would
be contrary to the provisions of law applicable to such Bond which limits
the maximum rate of interest which may be charged or collected by such
owner. 

     In any case where the date of maturity of interest on or principal of
the Bonds or the date fixed for redemption of the Bonds shall be in the
city of payment a day other than a Business Day, then payment of interest
or principal need not be made on such date but may be made on the next
succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the
date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, provided that interest
will accrue for the period of any such extension.

     This Bond will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of Florida.

     All acts, conditions and things required to happen, exist and be
performed precedent to and in the issuance of this Bond and the execution
of the Indenture have happened, exist and have been performed as so
required.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Bond to be executed
with the manual or facsimile signature of the Chairman or Vice Chairman of
the Issuer, its official seal to be impressed or imprinted hereon and the
same to be attested by the manual or facsimile signature of the Secretary
or Assistant Secretary of the Issuer, all as of __________ ___, 1994.

                                   HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL
                                   DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY


                                   By:                           
                                      Chairman

(Seal)

Attest:


By:                                
   Secretary

                         *     *     *     *     *


                       CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION


     This Bond is one of the Bonds of the series designated therein and
issued under the provisions of the within-mentioned Indenture.

                                   The First National Bank of Boston, as
                                      Trustee


                                   By:                           
                                      Its:   Authorized Signatory


Date of Authentication:  ________, 1994

                         *     *     *     *     *

                            [FORM OF ASSIGNMENT
                       TO APPEAR ON REVERSE OF BOND]

                            FORM OF ASSIGNMENT


     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and
transfers unto


PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER 
IDENTIFYING NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                                                           
                                                                           

the within bond of the _______________________________ and does hereby
constitute and appoint _________________ ______________ attorney to
transfer the said bond on the books of the within named Issuer, with full
power of substitution in the premises.


Dated:


In the presence of:                                              
                                    Bondholder


Signature Guaranteed:


                

                           [End of Form of Bond]

<PAGE>

; and

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, of the acceptance by
the Trustee of the trusts hereby created, and of the purchase and
acceptance of the Bonds by the Bondholders, and also for and in
consideration of the sum of One Dollar to the Issuer in hand paid by the
Trustee at or before the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and for the purpose of fixing and
declaring the terms and conditions upon which the Bonds are to be issued,
delivered, secured and accepted by the Bondholders and any and all other
persons who shall from time to time be or become owners thereof, and in
order to secure the payment of the Bonds at any time issued and outstanding
hereunder and the interest thereon according to their tenor, purport and
effect, and in order to secure the performance and observance of all the
covenants, agreements and conditions therein and herein contained;

     THE ISSUER DOES HEREBY PLEDGE AND ASSIGN, and grant a security
interest unto the Trustee and its successors and assigns for the benefit of
the owners of the Bonds all right, title and interest of the Issuer
presently owned or hereafter acquired in and to the following
(collectively, the "Trust Estate"):

          (a)  The Loan Agreement (as the same may from time to time be
     supplemented or amended), including, but not limited to, all payments
     or installment purchase obligations due and to become due under the
     Note and the Loan Agreement whether made at their respective due dates
     or as prepayments permitted or required by the Loan Agreement together
     with full power and authority, in the name of the Issuer or otherwise,
     to demand, receive, enforce, collect or receipt for any or all of the
     foregoing, to endorse or execute any checks or other instruments or
     orders, to file any claims and to take any action which the Trustee
     may deem necessary or advisable in connection therewith, and the
     Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the Trustee attorney-in-fact of the
     Issuer for such purposes, which appointment is coupled with an
     interest and is irrevocable; provided, however, that the Issuer shall
     continue to have all the rights, together with the Trustee, contained
     in the following sections of the Loan Agreement:

             (i)    Section 7.1 (pertaining to the Issuer's right of access
          to the Project (as defined in the Loan Agreement));

            (ii)    Section 7.5 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          receive payment for certain costs and expenses);

           (iii)    Section 7.6 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          certain indemnities);

            (iv)    Section 7.7 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          release and indemnification);


             (v)    Section 7.8 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          receive certain information);

            (vi)    Section 8.1 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          consent or withhold consent to assignment of rights of the
          Company under the Loan Agreement or lease or sale of the
          Project);

           (vii)    Sections 9.2(b), 9.3 and 9.5 (pertaining to the
          Issuer's right to reimbursement of expenses incurred upon a
          default);

          (viii)    Sections 10.1(c), 10.2 and 10.3 (pertaining to the
          Issuer's right to notice of prepayments and rights upon the
          occurrence of certain events;

            (ix)    Section 12.5 (pertaining to the Issuer's right to
          receive notices); and

             (x)    Sections 12.12, 12.13 and 12.14 (pertaining to the
          limitations on the liability of the Issuer).

          (b)  The Note of even date herewith of the Company to the Issuer
     in the original principal amount of $4,765,000 evidencing the
     Company's obligation to pay the purchase price pursuant to the Loan
     Agreement, together with interest thereon and other amounts with
     respect thereto, as provided for in the Loan Agreement, the Issuer
     having on this date endorsed, pledged and assigned the Note without
     recourse to the order of, and delivered the same to, the Trustee as
     security for the obligations of the Issuer to the Trustee hereinafter
     referred to.

          (c)  All money or securities at any time on deposit in, in
     transit to or credited to any account or Fund created hereunder,
     including without limitation the Bond Fund and the Redemption Fund but
     excluding the Rebate Fund;

          (d)  Revenues (as hereinafter defined);

and it is so mutually agreed and covenanted by and between the parties
hereto for the equal and proportionate benefit and security of the
Bondholders without preference, priority or distinction as to lien or
otherwise, except as hereinafter provided, of any one Bond over any other
Bond, by reason of priority in the issue, sale or negotiation thereof or
otherwise, for the benefit of the Bondholders and as security for the
fulfillment of the obligations of the Issuer hereunder;

     TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the same forever, subject, however, to the
exceptions, reservations and matters therein and herein recited but IN
TRUST, nevertheless, for the benefit and security of the owners from time
to time of the Bonds delivered hereunder and issued by the Issuer and
outstanding or, to the extent set forth herein, for the benefit of the
Credit Facility Issuer, so long as a Credit Facility is in place in respect
of the Bonds;

     PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if, after the right, title and interest of the
Trustee in and to the Trust Estate pledged and assigned to it under this
Indenture shall have ceased, terminated and become void in accordance with
Article XIV hereof, the principal of and interest on the Bonds and any
other obligations arising hereunder shall have been paid to the Bondholders
or shall have been paid by the Company pursuant to Article XIV hereof,
then, this Indenture and all covenants, agreements and other obligations of
the Issuer hereunder shall cease, terminate and be void, and thereupon the
Trustee shall cancel and discharge this Indenture and execute and deliver
to the Issuer and the Company such instruments in writing as shall be
required to evidence the discharge hereof; otherwise, this Indenture shall
be and remain in full force and effect.

     THIS INDENTURE FURTHER WITNESSETH, and it is expressly declared, that
the Bonds issued and secured hereunder are to be issued and delivered and
the trust estate and other revenues and funds herein pledged and assigned
are to be dealt with and disposed of under, upon and subject to the terms,
conditions, stipulations, covenants, agreements, trusts, uses and purposes
as hereinafter expressed, and the Issuer has agreed and covenanted, and
does hereby agree and covenant, with the Trustee and with the owners of
said Bonds, as follows, that is to say:


                                 ARTICLE I

                   DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUCTION

     Section 101.   Definitions.

     All words and terms defined in Article I of the Loan Agreement shall
have the same meanings in this Indenture, unless otherwise specifically
defined herein.  In addition, the following words and terms as used in this
Indenture shall have the following meanings unless some other meaning is
plainly intended:

     "Act" shall mean all applicable provisions of the Constitution and
laws of the State of Florida, including without limitation the Florida
Industrial Development Financing Act, Parts II and III of Chapter 159,
Florida Statutes, as amended from time to time, and the resolution of the
Board of County Commissioners of Hillsborough County, Florida adopted on
October 27, 1971 organizing the Issuer.

     "Alternate Credit Facility" shall mean an irrevocable direct pay
letter of credit, insurance policy or similar credit enhancement or support
facility for the benefit of the Trustee, the terms of which Alternate
Credit Facility shall, in all respects material to the Bondholders, be the
same (except for the term of such Alternate Credit Facility) as the Credit
Facility that is replaced by such Alternate Credit Facility as set forth in
Section 603 hereof.

     "Authenticating Agent" shall mean the Trustee and any agent so
appointed pursuant to Section 207 hereof.

     "Available Moneys" shall mean:

        (a)    any moneys which have been paid to the Trustee by the
     Company and which have been on deposit with the Trustee for at least
     three hundred sixty-seven (367) days during and prior to which no
     Event of Bankruptcy shall have occurred, and the proceeds from the
     investment of such moneys after such moneys have become Available
     Moneys, and

        (b)    moneys on deposit with the Trustee representing proceeds
     from the resale by the Remarketing Agent of Bonds to persons other
     than the Issuer or the Company as described in Article III hereof,
     which, in each case, were at all times since their deposit with the
     Trustee held in a separate and segregated account or accounts or
     sub-account or sub-accounts in which no moneys were which were not
     Available Moneys were at any time held, and the proceeds from the
     investment thereof, and

        (c)    moneys drawn under a Credit Facility which in each case were
     at all times since their deposit with the Trustee held in a separate
     and segregated account or accounts or sub-account or sub-accounts in
     which no moneys (other than those drawn under a Credit Facility) were
     at any time held.

     "Bank" shall mean First Union National Bank of North Carolina as the
issuer of the Letter of Credit, and its successors and assigns.

     "Bank Account" shall mean the account of that name established in the
Bond Purchase Fund pursuant to Section 302 hereof.

     "Bond" or "Bonds" shall mean any bond or bonds authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture.

     "Bond Counsel" shall mean an attorney-at-law or a firm of attorneys of
nationally recognized standing in matters pertaining to the tax-exempt
nature of interest on bonds issued by states and their political
subdivisions, duly admitted to the practice of law before the highest court
of any state of the United States of America and approved by the Issuer.

     "Bond Fund" shall mean the trust fund so designated which is
established pursuant to Section 502(a) hereof.

     "Bond Purchase Fund" shall mean the trust fund so designated which is
established pursuant to Section 302 hereof.

     "Bond Register" shall have the meaning provided in Section 204 hereof.

     "Bond Registrar" shall mean the Bond Registrar as designated in
Section 204 hereof.

     "Bondholder" or "Bondholders" or "owner" or "owners" shall mean the
initial owner or owners and any future owner or owners of the Bond or Bonds
as registered on the books and records of the Bond Registrar pursuant to
Section 204 hereof.

     "Business Day" shall mean a day upon which banks in the State and in
the States of Massachusetts and North Carolina are open for the transaction
of business of the nature required pursuant to the Loan Agreement and this
Indenture.  

     "Calculation Period" shall mean the period from and including the day
following the Determination Date of each week (even if not a Business Day)
to and including the following Determination Date; provided, that if the
Determination Date at the end of a Calculation Period is a Regular Record
Date, such Calculation Period will extend until the Business Day following
such Determination Date.

     "Company" shall mean Leslie Controls, Inc., a New Jersey corporation,
and its successor or assigns and any surviving, resulting or transferee
corporation or other entity.

     "Conversion Date" shall mean that Business Day elected by the Company
in accordance with Section 202(e) of the Indenture as the effective date of
conversion of the interest rate on the Bonds from the Variable Rate to the
Fixed Rate, which date shall be an Interest Payment Date.

     "Counsel" shall mean an attorney or firm of attorneys acceptable to
the Trustee (who may, but need not be, counsel to the Issuer or the
Company).

     "Credit Facility" shall mean the Letter of Credit or any Alternate
Credit Facility delivered to the Trustee pursuant to Article VI hereof.

     "Credit Facility Account" shall mean the account of that name
established in the Bond Fund pursuant to Section 502 hereof.

     "Credit Facility Issuer" shall mean the Bank with respect to the
Letter of Credit and the institution issuing any Alternate Credit Facility.

     "Defaulted Interest" has the meaning provided in Section 208 hereof.

     "Determination Date" shall mean Wednesday of each week or if Wednesday
is not a Business Day then the next succeeding Business Day.

     "Event of Bankruptcy" shall mean a petition by or against the Company
or the Issuer under any bankruptcy act or under any similar act which may
be enacted which shall have been filed (other than bankruptcy proceedings
instituted by the Company or the Issuer against third parties) unless such
petition shall have been dismissed and such dismissal shall be final and
not subject to appeal.

     "Event of Default" shall mean any of the events specified in Section
901 hereof to be an Event of Default.

     "Fixed Rate" shall mean the fixed annual rate of interest on the bonds
determined by the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 202(e) hereof.  If,
for any reason, the Fixed Rate is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a
court of competent jurisdiction, the Fixed Rate shall be equal to eight
percent (8.00%) per annum.  The Fixed Rate shall in no event exceed fifteen
percent (15.00%).

     "Fixed Rate Period" shall mean the period during which the Fixed Rate
is in effect, which shall be the period beginning on the Conversion Date
and ending on the Maturity Date.

     "Governmental Obligations" shall mean:

        (i)    direct obligations of the United States of America for the
full and timely payment of which the full faith and credit of the United
States of America is pledged,

       (ii)    obligations issued by a Person controlled or supervised by
and acting as an instrumentality of the United States of America, the full
and timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith
and credit obligation of the United States of America, and

      (iii)    securities or receipts evidencing ownership interests in
obligations or specified portions (such as principal or interest) of
obligations described in clause (i) or (ii) above the full and timely
payment of which securities, receipts or obligations is unconditionally
guaranteed by the United States of America, which obligations, securities
or receipts are not subject to redemption prior to maturity at less than
par at the option of anyone other than the holder thereof.   

     "Indenture" shall mean this Indenture as amended or supplemented at
the time in question.

     "Initial Interest Rate" shall mean the initial rate of interest of
3.15 % per annum on the Bonds.

     "Initial Rate Period" shall mean from and including the Original
Delivery Date to and including August 10, 1994.

     "Interest Payment Date" shall mean the first Business Day of each
March, June, September and December commencing on the first Business Day of
September, 1994, and ending on the Maturity Date of the Bonds.

     "Investment Obligations" shall mean:

          (a)  any Government Obligations;

          (b)  any bonds or other obligations of the United States of
     America which as to principal and interest constitute direct
     obligations of the United States of America, or any obligations of
     subsidiary corporations of the United States of America fully
     guaranteed as to payment by the United States of America;

          (c)  obligations of the Federal Land Bank;

          (d)  obligations of the Federal Home Loan Bank;

          (e)  obligations of the Federal Intermediate Credit Bank;

          (f)  bonds or obligations issued by any public housing agency or
     municipal corporation in the United States of America, which such
     bonds or obligations are fully secured as to the payment of both
     principal and interest by a pledge of annual contributions under an
     annual contributions contract or contracts with the United States
     government, or project notes issued by any public housing agency,
     urban renewal agency, or municipal corporation in the United States of
     America which are fully secured as to payment of both principal and
     interest by a requisition, loan, or payment agreement with the United
     States government;

          (g)  interest-bearing savings accounts (including that of the
     Trustee), interest-bearing certificates of deposit or interest-bearing
     time deposits or any other investments constituting direct obligations
     of any bank which has deposits insured by the Federal Deposit
     Insurance Corporation; provided that such accounts, certificates of
     deposits, time deposits, or investments are either (a) insured by the
     Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or (b) secured by the deposit
     with any national or state bank located within the State of any
     Government Obligation;

          (h)  short term obligations of corporations organized under the
     laws of any state with assets exceeding $500,000,000 if (i) such
     obligations are rated within the two (2) highest categories
     established by Moody's and S&P and which mature no later than one
     hundred eighty (180) days from the date of purchase and (ii) the
     purchases do not exceed ten (10%) percent of such corporation's
     outstanding obligations;

          (i)  money market mutual funds registered under the Investment
     Company Act of 1940, as amended, provided that the portfolio of any
     such money market fund is limited to Government Obligations and to
     agreements to purchase Government Obligations; and

          (j)  repurchase agreements with respect to obligations included
     in subsections (a) through (i) above and any other investments to the
     extent at the time permitted by then applicable law for the investment
     of public funds.

     "Issuer" shall mean the Hillsborough County Industrial Development
Authority, a corporate governmental agency, constituting a public benefit
corporation and existing pursuant to the constitution and laws of the State
including the Act.

     "Letter of Credit" shall mean the irrevocable direct pay letter of
credit dated August 4, 1994, in the amount of $5,003,250 issued by the
Bank, including any extensions thereof.

     "Loan Agreement" shall mean the Loan Agreement of even date herewith
between the Issuer and the Company and any amendments or supplements
thereof permitted by this Indenture.

     "Majority of the Bondholders" shall mean the owners of a majority of
the aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds.

     "Maturity Date" shall mean the first business day of August, 2019.

     "Moody's" shall mean Moody's Investors Service, Inc. a Delaware
corporation, its successors and assigns, and, if such corporation shall be
dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer perform the functions of a
securities rating agency, "Moody's" shall be deemed to refer to any other
nationally recognized securities rating agency designated by the Trustee,
with the consent of the Company and the Credit Facility Issuer.

     "Note" shall mean the promissory note given by the Company pursuant to
the provisions of the Loan Agreement, substantially in the form attached
thereto.

     "Optional Tender Notice" shall mean a notice from the owner of a Bond
to the Tender Agent in the form attached to the Bond as Exhibit A.

     "Original Delivery Date" shall mean August 4, 1994.

     "Outstanding" in connection with Bonds shall mean, as of the time in
question, all Bonds authenticated and delivered under the Indenture,
except:

        (i)    Bonds theretofore canceled or required to be cancelled under
     Section 212 hereof;

       (ii)    Bonds which are deemed to have been paid in accordance with
     Article XIV hereof; and

      (iii)    Bonds in substitution for which other Bonds have been
     authenticated and delivered pursuant to Article II hereof.

In determining whether the owners of a requisite aggregate principal amount
of Bonds Outstanding have concurred in any request, demand, authorization,
direction, notice, consent or waiver under the provisions hereof, Bonds
which are held by or on behalf of the Company (unless all of the
outstanding Bonds are then owned by the Company) or an Affiliate of the
Company (as defined below) shall be disregarded for the purpose of any such
determination.  For the purpose of this paragraph, an "Affiliate" of any
specified entity shall mean any other entity directly or indirectly
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control
with such specified entity and "control", when used with respect to any
specific entity, shall mean the power to direct the management and policies
of such entity, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling"
and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

     "Payments Account" shall mean the account of that name established in
the Bond Fund pursuant to Section 502 hereof.

     "Placement Agent" shall mean the securities dealer, bank or trust
company which is designated by the Company with the consent of the Credit
Facility Issuer and which will agree to establish the Preliminary Fixed
Rate and to use its best efforts to arrange for the sale of Tendered Bonds
on the Conversion Date, all as more particularly described in Section
202(e) hereof.

     "Pledge Agreement" shall mean the Pledge Agreement of even date
herewith by the Company to the Bank, and any amendments or supplements
thereof.

     "Pledged Revenues" means and shall include the payments required to be
made by the Company under the Loan Agreement except payments to be made to
the Trustee for services rendered as Trustee under the Indenture and as
Bond Registrar and paying agent for the Bonds and except for expenses,
indemnification and other payments required to be made pursuant to Sections
7.5 and 7.6 of the Loan Agreement.

     "Principal Office" of the Trustee or Bond Registrar shall mean the
office at which, at the time in question, its corporate trust business is
principally conducted.

     "Prior Bonds" means the $7,200,000 Hillsborough County Industrial
Development Authority Industrial Development Revenue Bonds (Leslie
Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1986.

     "Prior Trustee" means First Florida Bank, N.A., as trustee under a
Trust Indenture dated as of April 18, 1986 between Hillsborough County
Industrial Development Authority and First Florida Bank, N.A.

     "Private Placement Memorandum" shall mean the Private Placement
Memorandum dated August 4, 1994, relating to the Bonds.

     "Regular Record Date" shall mean:

        (i)    in respect of any Interest Payment Date during the Variable
     Rate Period, the close of business on the Business Day immediately
     preceding each such Interest Payment Date, and 

       (ii)    in respect of any Interest Payment Date during the Fixed
     Rate Period, the fifteenth (15th) day (whether or not a Business Day)
     of the calendar month immediately preceding each such Interest Payment
     Date.

     "Reimbursement Agreement" shall mean the Letter of Credit,
Reimbursement and Guaranty Agreement of even date herewith by and among the
Company, Watts Industries, Inc., as guarantor, and the Bank, as the same
may be amended from time to time and filed with the Trustee, and any
agreement of the Company with a Credit Facility Issuer setting forth the
obligations of the Company to such Credit Facility Issuer arising out of
any payments under a Credit Facility and which provides that it shall be
deemed to be a Reimbursement Agreement for the purpose of this Indenture.

     "Remarketing Account" shall mean the account of that name established
in the Bond Purchase Fund pursuant to Section 302 hereof.

     "Remarketing Agent" shall mean First Union National Bank of North
Carolina and its successors as provided in Section 1201 hereof.

     "Remarketing Agreement" shall mean the Remarketing Agreement of even
date herewith between the Company and the Remarketing Agent and any
amendments and supplements thereof.

     "Requisite Bondholders" shall mean the owners of more than two-thirds
(2/3rds) in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds.

     "Responsible Officer" when used with respect to the Trustee shall mean
the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, the chairman or
vice-chairman of the executive committee of the board of directors, the
president, any vice president, the secretary, any assistant secretary, the
treasurer, any assistant treasurer, the cashier, any assistant cashier, any
trust officer or assistant trust officer, the controller and any assistant
controller or any other officer of the Trustee customarily performing
functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated
officers of banking institutions with trust powers and also shall mean,
with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to
whom such matter is referred because of his knowledge of and familiarity
with the particular subject.

     "Revenues" shall mean:

        (i)    all amounts payable to the Trustee with respect to the
     principal or redemption price of, or interest on the Bonds (a) by the
     Company under the Note, and (b) by the Credit Facility Issuer under a
     Credit Facility, and

       (ii)    investment income with respect to any moneys held by the
     Trustee in the Bond Fund or the Redemption Fund.

     "Security interest" or security interests" refers to the security
interests created herein and in the Security Instruments and shall have the
meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code.

     "S&P" shall mean Standard & Poor's Corporation, a New York
corporation, its successors and assigns, and, if such corporation shall be
dissolved or liquidated or shall no longer perform the functions of a
securities rating agency, "S&P" shall be deemed to refer to any other
nationally recognized securities rating agency designated by the Trustee,
with the consent of the Company and the Credit Facility Issuer.

     "Special Record Date" shall mean for purpose of payment of Defaulted
Interest on the Bonds, the date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section
208 hereof.

     "State" shall mean the State of Florida.

     "Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation, association or other business
entity of which more than fifty percent (50%) of the issued and outstanding
stock or equivalent thereof having ordinary voting power is, at the time at
which any determination is being made, owned or controlled by the Company
or by one or more Subsidiaries or other affiliates of the Company.

     "Tender Agent" shall mean The First National Bank of Boston and its
successors as provided in Section 1202 hereof.

     "Tender Agency Agreement" shall mean the Tender Agency Agreement of
even date herewith among the Company, the Trustee and the Tender Agent.

     "Tendered Bonds" shall mean those Bonds tendered or deemed tendered by
the owners for purchase pursuant to an Optional Tender Notice or on the
Conversion Date.

     "Trustee" shall mean The First National Bank of Boston and its
successor in the trust hereunder.

     "Undelivered Bond" shall mean:

        (i)    any Bond for which an Optional Tender Notice has been given
     pursuant to Section 203 hereof and which has not been delivered to the
     Tender Agent on the date specified for purchase and

       (ii)    any Bond which has not been delivered to the Trustee for
     redemption or purchase on any mandatory redemption or purchase date or
     the Conversion Date; provided that in either case the Trustee has on
     hand and available on such date funds sufficient to purchase or redeem
     said Bond.

     "Variable Rate" shall mean a variable interest rate established after
the Initial Rate Period as the rate of interest determined by the
Remarketing Agent on and as of each Determination Date as the minimum rate
of interest necessary, in the judgment of the Remarketing Agent, taking
into account market conditions prevailing on the Determination Date, to
enable the Remarketing Agent to arrange for the sale of all of the Bonds on
the Determination Date in the secondary market at a price equal to the
principal amount thereof (plus interest accrued to the date of settlement). 
If the Remarketing Agent fails to certify such rate, the Variable Rate for
the next succeeding Calculation Period or Periods until thereafter
certified by the Remarketing Agent shall remain the same as that most
recently established and certified by the Remarketing Agent until
thereafter certified by the Remarketing Agent or adjusted as set forth in
the next succeeding sentence.  In the event the Remarketing Agent fails to
certify such rate for four (4) consecutive Calculation Periods, such rate
for each Calculation Period thereafter (if none is certified by the
Remarketing Agent) shall be ninety percent (90%) of the yield for United
States Treasury bills maturing approximately thirty (30) days after the
Determination Date for such Calculation Period as published by The Wall
Street Journal on such Determination Date (or the next Business Day on
which The Wall Street Journal is published if not published on the
Determination Date) (or, if The Wall Street Journal is no longer published,
then any reasonably equivalent financial publication selected by the
Remarketing Agent); provided that if during the Variable Period the
Determination Date at the end of each such Calculation Period is a Regular
Record Date, such Calculation Period will extend until the Business Day
following such Determination Date.  A Bondholder may request the Variable
Rate in effect from time to time with respect to the Bonds from the Trustee
or the Remarketing Agent.  If, for any reason, the Variable Rate is not
determined as described above or is held to be invalid or unenforceable by
a court of competent jurisdiction for any period, the interest rate for
each such period shall be equal to eight percent (8.00%) per annum.  The
Variable Rate shall not be a rate in excess of fifteen percent (15.00%) per
annum.

     "Variable Rate Period" shall mean that period during which a Variable
Rate is in effect on the Bonds.

     "Variable Rate Purchase Date" shall mean while the Bonds bear interest
at the Variable Rate, any Business Day (prior to and including the date
which is the tenth day preceding the Conversion Date) on which the Bonds
may be tendered for purchase at the option of the owner thereof in
accordance with Section 203 hereof.

     Section 102.   Rules of Construction.

     (a)  Words of the masculine gender shall be deemed and construed to
include correlative words of the feminine and neuter genders.  Unless the
context shall otherwise indicate, the words "Bond, "owner", "Bondholder",
"Bondholder of Record" and "person" shall include the plural as well as the
singular number; the word "person" shall include any individual,
corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company,
trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political
subdivision thereof; and the word "Bondholder" when used herein with
respect to the Bonds shall mean the registered owner of any of the Bonds.

     (b)  Words importing the redemption or calling for redemption of the
Bonds shall not be deemed to refer to or connote payment of Bonds at their
stated maturity.

     (c)  The Table of Contents, captions and headings in this Indenture
are for convenience only and in no way limit the scope or intent of any
provision or section of this Indenture.

     (d)  All references herein to particular articles or sections are
references to articles or sections of this Indenture unless some other
reference is indicated.

     (e)  All references herein to the Code or the 1954 Code or any
particular provision or section thereof shall be deemed to refer to any
successor, or successor provision or section, thereof, as the case may be.

     (f)  All references herein to time shall be Charlotte, North Carolina
time.


                                ARTICLE II

                                 THE BONDS

     Section 201.   Amount, Terms, and Issuance of the Bonds.

     (a)  The Bonds shall be limited to $4,765,000 in aggregate principal
amount and shall contain substantially the terms recited in the form of
Bond above and as set forth in this Indenture.  No Bonds may be issued
under this Indenture except in accordance with this Article II.  No
additional bonds shall be issued under this Indenture.

     (b)  The Issuer may cause a copy of the text of the opinion of Bond
Counsel delivered in connection with the issuance of the Bonds to be
printed on any of the Bonds.  The Bonds may bear such endorsement or legend
satisfactory to the Trustee as may be required to conform to usage or law
with respect thereto, including the imposition of CUSIP or other
identifying numbers.

     (c)  Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 213
hereof, the Issuer shall issue the Bonds, and the Trustee shall, at the
Issuer's request, authenticate the Bonds and deliver them as specified in
the request.

     Section 202.   Designation, Denominations, Maturity Date and Interest
                    Rates of the Bonds.

     (a)  Designation, Denominations, Maturity Date.  The Bonds shall be
designated "$4,765,000 Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority
Industrial Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Leslie Controls, Inc.
Project), Series 1994."  The Bonds shall be issuable as fully registered
Bonds in the denominations of $100,000 or any integral multiple of $5,000
in excess thereof; provided that if less than One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000) principal amount of Bonds is outstanding one Bond shall be
issued in such smaller denomination; and provided further, that subsequent
to the initial issuance of the Bonds, replacement or substitution Bonds or
Bonds issued in exchange in accordance with the provisions of Section 205
hereof may be issued in denominations of $5,000 and integral multiples
thereof.  All Bonds shall bear the date of their authentication, shall bear
interest from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly
provided for, or, if authenticated on an Interest Payment Date, from that
date, or, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the date
of authentication, and shall mature, subject to prior redemption as
provided in Article VII hereof, on the first business day of August, 2019. 
The Bonds shall be numbered from "1" consecutively upwards prefixed by the
letter "R".  

     (b)  Interest Rates.  The Bonds shall bear interest at the applicable
rate provided below.  On each Interest Payment Date, interest accrued
through the day immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date shall be
payable.  While the Bonds bear interest at a Variable Rate interest on the
Bonds shall be computed on the basis of a year of three hundred sixty-five
(365) or three hundred sixty-six (366) days, as applicable, for the number
of days actually elapsed.  From and including the Conversion Date, and
thereafter, interest on the Bonds shall be computed on the basis of a three
hundred sixty (360) day year for the number of days actually elapsed.

     (c)  Initial Interest Rate.  For the Initial Rate Period, the Bonds
shall bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate.

     (d)  Variable Rate.  Following the Initial Rate Period and until the
Conversion Date, the Bonds shall bear interest at the Variable Rate. 
During the Variable Rate Period, the Remarketing Agent shall determine the
interest rate for the Bonds on each Determination Date.  The Remarketing
Agent shall give notice by telephone, telecopier, telex, telegram or other
telecommunication device, and upon request shall confirm in writing, on the
Determination Date to the Trustee and the Company of the interest rate to
be in effect for the following Calculation Period.  The determination of
the Variable Rate by the Remarketing Agent shall be conclusive and binding
upon the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Company, the Trustee, the Tender
Agent and the Remarketing Agent.  Any owner may request the Variable Rate
in effect from time to time with respect to the Bonds from the Trustee or
the Remarketing Agent.  

     (e)  Fixed Rate; Conversion to Fixed Rate.

          (1)  The Company has a one-time option to convert the interest
     rate payable on the Bonds from the Variable Rate to the Fixed Rate
     effective on an Interest Payment Date following compliance by the
     Company with the provisions of this Section 202(e).  The Bonds shall
     be subject to mandatory tender for purchase by the Owners thereof on
     the Conversion Date.  To exercise the option to convert, the Company
     shall deliver or mail by first class mail (i) a notice to the Trustee
     and the Credit Facility Issuer with respect to the determination of
     the Company to convert the interest rate on the Bonds from the
     Variable Rate to the Fixed Rate, which notice shall be delivered to
     the Trustee at least thirty (30) but not more than forty-five (45)
     days prior to the Conversion Date, and (ii) the opinion of Bonds
     Counsel described in Section 202(f) hereof.  The Trustee shall then
     deliver or mail by first class mail a notice in substantially the form
     attached hereto as Exhibit B at least twenty (20) days but not more
     than thirty (30) days prior to the Conversion Date to the Owner of
     each Bond at the address shown on the registration books of the
     Issuer.  Any notice given by the Trustee as provided in this Section
     shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not
     the Owner receives the notice.  Failure to mail any such notice, or
     the mailing of defective notice, to any Owner, shall not affect the
     proceeding for purchase as to any Owner to whom proper notice is
     mailed.  Said notice shall state, among other things, (1) the
     Conversion Date, (2) the name and address of the placement agent which
     has agreed to use its best efforts to arrange for the sale of any
     bonds to be tendered or deemed tendered for purchase on the Conversion
     Date (herein called the "Placement Agent"), (3) that after the
     seventeenth (17th) day preceding the Conversion Date, the owner will
     not be entitled to deliver an Optional Tender Notice and that after
     the tenth (10th) day preceding the Conversion Date, the owner will not
     be entitled to tender this Bond for purchase as described below, (4)
     that this Bond will be deemed tendered for purchase on the Conversion
     Date, (5) that in order to receive payment of the purchase price of
     any Bond which is deemed to have been tendered, the registered owner
     of such Bond must deliver such Bond to the office of the Tender Agent
     before 10 a.m. Eastern time on the Conversion Date specifying such
     address, and (6) that interest on any Bond will be payable only to
     (but not including) the Conversion Date.

     As described above, Owners of Bonds shall be required to tender their
Bonds on the Conversion Date to the Tender Agent for purchase at the
purchase price, and any such Bonds not so tendered on the Conversion Date
("Undelivered Bonds"), for which there has been irrevocably deposited in
trust with the Trustee an amount of moneys sufficient to pay the Purchase
Price of the Untendered Bonds, shall be deemed to have been tendered and
purchased pursuant to this Section 202(e).  IN THE EVENT OF A FAILURE BY AN
OWNER OF BONDS TO TENDER ITS BONDS ON OR PRIOR TO THE CONVERSION DATE, SAID
OWNER SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY PAYMENT (INCLUDING ANY INTEREST TO
ACCRUE SUBSEQUENT TO THE CONVERSION DATE) OTHER THAN THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR
SUCH UNTENDERED BONDS, AND ANY UNTENDERED BONDS SHALL NO LONGER BE ENTITLED
TO THE BENEFITS OF THIS INDENTURE, EXCEPT FOR THE PURPOSE OF PAYMENT OF THE
PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR.

          (2)  On or before the proposed Conversion Date, the Placement
     Agent shall determine the Fixed Rate as of such date in the manner
     described in subsection (4) below and shall notify the Trustee and the
     Company of the Fixed Rate by telephone, telecopier, telex, telegram or
     other telecommunication device and upon request, shall confirm such
     notice in writing.

          (3)  Any owner of Bonds to be converted to a Fixed Rate shall be
     deemed to have tendered its Bonds to the Tender Agent.  Said owner
     shall not be entitled to any payment (including any interest to accrue
     subsequently to the Conversion Date) other than the purchase price for
     such Bonds which shall be equal to the unpaid principal amount of such
     Bonds, and any such Bonds shall no longer be entitled to the benefits
     of this Indenture, except for the purpose of payment of the purchase
     price therefor and interest payable on the Conversion Date.  Payment
     of the purchase price of any such Bonds shall be made only upon the
     presentment and surrender of such Bonds to the Tender Agent.  Upon
     request, the Trustee shall provide the Tender Agent with the address
     set forth on the Bond Register for such owner.  In the case of any
     Bond deemed tendered, the Issuer shall cause to be executed, and the
     Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the new owner as provided in
     Section 301 hereof a new Bond of like date and tenor in lieu of and in
     substitution for such Bond deemed to be tendered.

          (4)  On or before the Conversion Date, the Fixed Rate shall be
     the interest rate per annum which, in the sole judgment of the
     Placement Agent, taking into account prevailing financial market
     conditions, would be the minimum interest rate required to sell such
     Bonds on the Conversion Date at a price equal to the 100% of the
     principal amount thereof.  The Fixed Rate shall be determined by the
     Placement Agent on or before the Conversion Date, and the Placement
     Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Company thereof by telephone or
     such other manner as may be appropriate by not later than 2:00 p.m.,
     Eastern time, on the Conversion Date, which notice shall be promptly
     confirmed in writing.

     (f)  Condition to Conversion; Additional Notices.

          (1)  As a condition to the giving of notice as provided in
     Section 202(e) above, the Company shall provide the Trustee with an
     opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that the proposed conversion of
     the interest rate on the Bonds will not cause the interest on the
     Bonds to be includable in the gross income of the owners thereof for
     federal income tax purposes.

          (2)  The delivery by the Company to the Trustee of a letter from
     Bond Counsel confirming the opinion required prior to the notification
     described above on such Conversion Date is a condition precedent to
     any such Conversion.  In the event that the Company fails to deliver
     to the Trustee the letter of Bond Counsel referred to in the preceding
     sentence, such Conversion shall not take effect, and the Bonds shall
     continue to bear interest at the Variable Rate.

          (3)  The Trustee shall provide the Tender Agent with a copy of
     any notice delivered to the owners of the Bonds pursuant to Section
     202 hereof. 

     Section 203.   Optional Tender Provisions of the Bonds.

     (a)  While the Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, any Bond or
portion thereof in an authorized denomination (other than a Bond registered
in the name of the Company) shall be purchased on the demand of the owner
thereof, on any Business Day at a purchase price equal to one hundred
percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus interest accrued to the
date of purchase, if the owner of such Bond delivers to the Tender Agent at
its address filed with the Trustee an Optional Tender Notice at least seven
(7) days prior to the Variable Rate Purchase Date specified in such Notice.

     (b)  Any Optional Tender Notice delivered pursuant to the preceding
subsection shall automatically constitute:  (1) an irrevocable offer to
sell such bond on the Variable Rate Purchase Date at a price equal to one
hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount of such Bond plus interest
accrued to the Variable Rate Purchase Date; and (2) an irrevocable
authorization and instruction to the Bond Registrar to effect transfer of
such Bond to the purchaser thereof on the Variable Rate Purchase Date.  No
purchase of Bonds pursuant to the provisions of this Section 203 shall be
deemed a redemption thereof.

     (c)  Any owner who delivers an Optional Tender Notice pursuant to this
Section 203 shall deliver such Bond to the Tender Agent, at its address
filed with the Trustee, not less than five (5) days prior to the Variable
Rate Purchase Date specified in the aforesaid Optional Tender Notice;
provided, however, that any Bond owner which is an investment company
registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 may deliver Bonds owned
by it to the Tender Agent at its address filed with the Trustee, at or
prior to 10:00 a.m. on the Variable Rate Purchase Date.  All Bonds
delivered to the Tender Agent pursuant to this Section 203 must be duly
endorsed for transfer in blank in form satisfactory to the Trustee.

     (d)  If a Bondholder who gives the Optional Tender Notice shall fail
to deliver the Bond or Bonds identified in the Optional Tender Notice to
the Tender Agent at or prior to 10:00 a.m. on the Variable Rate Purchase
Date, such Undelivered Bond shall be purchased and shall cease to accrue
interest on such Variable Rate Purchase Date and the owner thereof shall
thereafter be entitled only to payment of the purchase price therefor and
not to the benefits of this Indenture, and the Issuer, to the extent
permitted by law, shall execute and the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent
shall authenticate and deliver a substitute Bond or Bonds in lieu of the
Undelivered Bond and the Bond Registrar shall register such Bond in the
name of the purchaser or purchasers thereof pursuant to Section 205 hereof. 
The Tender Agent shall notify the Trustee and the Bond Registrar of any
Undelivered Bonds.  The Trustee shall (1) notify the Remarketing Agent of
such Undelivered Bond and (2) place a stop transfer against such
Undelivered Bonds until the Undelivered Bonds are properly delivered to the
Tender Agent.  Payment of the purchase price of any such Undelivered Bonds
shall be made only upon the presentment and surrender of such Bonds to the
Tender Agent.  Upon notice of such delivery, the Bond Registrar shall make
any necessary adjustment to the Bond Register.

     (e)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
rights of the owners to tender Bonds pursuant to this Section 203 shall
cease immediately and without further notice from and including the date
payment of the Bonds is accelerated following an Event of Default pursuant
to Article IX hereof.

     Section 204.   Registered Bonds Required; Bond Registrar and Bond
                    Register.

     (a)  All Bonds shall be issued in fully registered form.  The Bonds
shall be registered upon original issuance and upon subsequent transfer or
exchange as provided in this Indenture.

     (b)  The Issuer shall designate one or more persons to act as "Bond
Registrar" for the Bonds, provided that the Bond Registrar appointed for
the Bonds shall be either the Trustee or a person which would meet the
requirements for qualification as a successor trustee imposed by Section
1014 hereof.  The Issuer hereby appoints The First National Bank of Boston
as its Bond Registrar in respect of the Bonds.  Any person other than the
Trustee undertaking to act as Bond Registrar shall first execute a written
agreement, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, to perform the duties of a
Bond Registrar under this Indenture, which agreement shall be filed with
the Trustee and the Tender Agent.

     (c)  The Bond Registrar shall act as registrar and transfer agent for
the Bonds.  There shall be kept at an office of the Bond Registrar a
register (herein sometimes referred to as the "Bond Register") in which,
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee or the
Bond Registrar may prescribe, there shall be provisions for the
registration of the Bonds and for the registration of transfers of the
Bonds.  The Issuer shall cause the Bond Registrar to designate, by a
written notification to the Trustee, a specific office location (which may
be changed from time to time, upon similar notification) at which the Bond
Register is kept.  In the absence of a specific designation by the Bond
Registrar, the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee in Canton,
Massachusetts shall be deemed such office in respect of the Bonds for which
the Trustee is acting as Bond Registrar.

     Section 205.   Transfer and Exchange.

     (a)  Upon surrender for transfer of any Bond at the office of the Bond
Registrar, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating
Agent shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or
transferees, one or more new fully registered Bonds of authorized
denomination for the aggregate principal amount which the new owner is
entitled to receive; provided that if moneys for the purchase of such Bond
have been provided pursuant to a draw under the Credit Facility, such Bond
shall not be transferable to any one other than the Company or its assignee
or pledgee.  Except for transfers in connection with the purchase of Bonds
pursuant to Section 203 hereof and the remarketing thereof pursuant to
Article III, which shall be effected at the office of the Tender Agent in
Canton, Massachusetts, Bonds shall be surrendered for transfer at the
principal corporate trust office of the Trustee in Canton, Massachusetts. 
Also, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent
shall authenticate and deliver Bonds in lieu of Undelivered Bonds.

     (b)  Bonds may be exchanged for other Bonds of any other authorized
denomination, of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the
Bonds to be exchanged at the principal corporate trust office of the Bond
Registrar or Trustee; provided, however, that in connection with the
purchase of Bonds tendered for purchase and the remarketing thereof
pursuant to Article III hereof, Bonds may be exchanged at the principal
office of the Tender Agent, or any office of any agent designated by, the
Trustee.  Whenever any Bonds are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuer
shall execute, and the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall
authenticate and deliver, the Bonds which the Bondholder making the
exchange is entitled to receive.

     (c)  All Bonds presented for transfer, exchange, redemption or payment
(if so required by the Issuer, the Bond Registrar or the Trustee) shall be
accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer or
authorization for exchange, in form satisfactory to the Bond Registrar,
which may include a signature guarantee, duly executed by the owner or by
his attorney duly authorized in writing.

     (d)  No service charge shall be made to a Bondholder for any exchange
or transfer of Bonds, but the Issuer or the Bond Registrar may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge
that may be imposed in relation thereto.

     (e)  Except in connection with the purchase of Bonds pursuant to
Section 203 hereof and the remarketing thereof pursuant to Article III
hereof, neither the Issuer nor any Bond Registrar on behalf of the Issuer
shall be required to issue, transfer or exchange any Bond selected for
redemption in whole or in part.

     (f)  New Bonds delivered upon transfer or exchange shall be valid
obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt as the Bond
surrendered, shall be secured by this Indenture and shall be entitled to
all of the security and benefits hereof to the same extent as the Bonds
surrendered;

     Section 206.   Execution.

     (a)  The Bonds shall be executed by the manual or facsimile signature
of the Chairman, the seal of the Issuer shall be affixed, imprinted,
lithographed or reproduced thereon and the same shall be attested by the
manual or facsimile signature of the Secretary.

     (b)  Bonds executed as above provided may be issued and shall, upon
request of the Issuer, be authenticated by the Trustee or the
Authenticating Agent, notwithstanding that any officer signing such Bonds
or whose facsimile signature appears thereon shall have ceased to hold
office at the time of issuance or authentication or shall not have held
office at the date of the Bond.

     Section 207.   Authentication; Authenticating Agent.

     (a)  No Bond shall be valid for any purpose until the Trustee's
Certificate of Authentication thereon shall have been duly executed as
provided in this Indenture, and such authentication shall be conclusive
proof that such Bond has been duly authenticated and delivered under this
Indenture and that the owner thereof is entitled to the benefit of the
trust hereby created subject to the provisions of Section 203(d) and
Article XIV hereof.

     (b)  If the Bond Registrar is other than the Trustee, the Trustee may
appoint the Bond Registrar as an Authenticating Agent with the power to act
on the Trustee's behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication
and delivery of Bonds in connection with transfers and exchanges under
Section 205 hereof, and the authentication and delivery of Bonds by an
Authenticating Agent pursuant to this Section shall, for all purposes of
this Indenture, be deemed to be the authentication and delivery "by the
Trustee".  The Trustee shall, however, itself authenticate all Bonds upon
their initial issuance.  The Authenticating Agent may authenticate Bonds in
substitution for Undelivered Bonds.  The Authenticating Agent shall be
entitled to reasonable compensation from the Company for its services.

     (c)  Any corporation into which any Authenticating Agent may be merged
or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation
resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any
Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the
corporate trust business of any Authenticating Agent, shall be the
successor of the Authenticating Agent hereunder, if such successor
corporation is otherwise eligible as a Bond Registrar under Section 204
hereof, without the execution or filing of any further document on the part
of the parties hereto or the Authenticating Agent or such successor
corporation.

     (d)  Any Authenticating Agent may at any time resign by giving written
notice of resignation to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Remarketing Agent and
the Company.  The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any
Authenticating Agent by giving written notice of termination to such
Authenticating Agent, the Issuer and the Company.  Upon receiving such a
notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time
any Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the
Trustee shall promptly appoint a successor Authenticating Agent, shall give
written notice of such appointment to the Issuer and the Company, and shall
mail notice of such appointment to all owners of Bonds as the names and
addresses of such owners appear on the Bond Register.

     Section 208.   Payment of Principal and Interest; Interest Rights
                    Preserved.

     (a)  The principal and redemption price of any Bond shall be payable,
upon surrender of such Bond, at the office of the Trustee or other paying
agent appointed pursuant to this Indenture.  Interest on each Interest
Payment Date shall be payable by check, mailed on the Interest Payment Date
to the address of the person entitled thereto on the Regular Record Date
or, if applicable, the Special Record Date, as such address shall appear in
the Bond Register.  While the Bonds bear interest at a Variable Rate,
Interest shall also be payable by wire transfer to the account of a member
bank of the Federal Reserve System of any owner of Bonds in the aggregate
principal amount of $1,000,000 or more at the written request (identifying
such account by number) of such owner received by the Trustee on or prior
to the Regular Record Date or Special Record Date.

     (b)  Interest on any Bond which is payable, and is punctually paid or
duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the person
in whose name that Bond is registered at the close of business on the
Regular Record Date for such interest.

     (c)  Any interest on any Bond which is payable, and is not punctually
paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (herein called
"Defaulted Interest") shall forthwith cease to be payable to the owner of
such Bonds on the relevant Regular Record Date solely by virtue of such
registered owner having been such record owner on the Regular Record Date,
and such Defaulted Interest shall be paid, pursuant to Section 911 hereof,
to the person in whose name the Bond is registered at the close of business
on a Special Record Date to be fixed by the Trustee, such date to be not
more than fifteen (15) nor less than ten (10) days prior to the date of
proposed payment.  The Trustee shall cause notice of the proposed payment
of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be
mailed, first class postage prepaid, to each Bondholder, at its address as
it appears in the Bond Register, not less than ten (10) days prior to such
Special Record Date.

     (d)  Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 208, each
Bond delivered under this Indenture, upon transfer of or exchange for or in
lieu of any other Bond shall carry the rights to interest accrued and
unpaid, and to accrue, as such other Bond.

     All payments of principal and redemption price of and interest on the
Bonds, whether upon redemption, acceleration, maturity or otherwise, shall
be made first, pursuant to draws under the Credit Facility in accordance
with its terms on the dates when due; second, from other Available Moneys
on deposit with the Trustee and not held in trust for the benefit of the
owners of the Bonds pursuant to the provisions of Article XIV hereof; and
then from other collected funds available to the Trustee hereunder for such
payments.  

     Section 209.   Persons Deemed Owners.

     The Issuer, the Trustee, the Bond Registrar and the Authenticating
Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name any Bond is registered as
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not such Bond shall be overdue and
notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by
anyone other than the Issuer, the Trustee, the Bond Registrar or the
Authenticating Agent) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account
of the principal of (and premium, if any, on), and (subject to Section 208
hereof) interest on such Bond, and for all other purposes, and neither the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Bond Registrar, nor the Authenticating Agent shall
be affected by any notice to the contrary.  All such payments so made to
any such registered owner, or upon his order, shall be valid and, to the
extent of the sum or sums so paid, effectual to satisfy and discharge the
liability for moneys payable upon any such Bond.

     Section 210.   Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost, Stolen or Undelivered
                    Bonds.

     (a)  If any Bond shall become mutilated, the Issuer shall execute, and
the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall thereupon authenticate and
deliver, a new Bond of like tenor and denomination in exchange and
substitution for the Bond so mutilated, but only upon surrender to the
Trustee of such mutilated Bond for cancellation, and the Issuer and the
Trustee may require reasonable indemnity therefor.  If any Bond shall be
reported lost, stolen or destroyed, evidence as to the loss, theft or
destruction thereof shall be submitted to the Issuer and the Trustee; and
if such evidence shall be satisfactory to both and indemnity satisfactory
to both shall be given, the Issuer shall execute, and thereupon the Trustee
or its Authenticating Agent shall authenticate and deliver, a new Bond of
like tenor and denomination.  The cost of providing any substitute Bond
under the provisions of this Section shall be borne by the Bondholder for
whose benefit such substitute Bond is provided.  If any such mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed Bond shall have matured or be about to mature,
the Issuer may, with the consent of the Trustee, pay to the owner the
principal amount of such Bond upon the maturity thereof and the compliance
with the aforesaid conditions by such owner, without the issuance of a
substitute Bond therefor.

     (b)  The Issuer shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating
Agent shall authenticate and deliver a substitute Bond in lieu of each
Undelivered Bond.

     (c)  Every substituted Bond issued pursuant to this Section 210 shall
constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or
not the Bond alleged to have been destroyed, lost or stolen shall be at any
time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of
this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Bonds
duly issued hereunder.

     (d)  All Bonds shall be held and owned upon the express condition that
the foregoing provisions are, to the extent permitted by law, exclusive
with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost,
stolen or Undelivered Bonds and shall preclude any and all other rights or
remedies.

     Section 211.   Temporary Bonds.

     Pending preparation of definitive Bonds, or by agreement with the
purchasers of all Bonds, the Issuer may issue, and, upon its request, the
Trustee shall authenticate, in lieu of definitive Bonds one or more
temporary printed or typewritten Bonds of substantially the tenor recited
above in any denomination authorized under Section 202 hereof.  Upon
request of the Issuer, the Trustee shall authenticate definitive Bonds in
exchange for and upon surrender of an equal principal amount of temporary
Bonds.  Until so exchanged, temporary Bonds shall have the same rights,
remedies and security hereunder as definitive Bonds.

     Section 212.   Cancellation of Surrendered Bonds.

     Bonds surrendered for payment, redemption, transfer or exchange and
Bonds surrendered to the Trustee by the Issuer or by the Company for
cancellation shall be cancelled by the Trustee and a certificate evidencing
such cancellation shall be furnished by the Trustee to the Issuer and the
Company.  Bonds purchased pursuant to Section 203 hereof shall not be
surrendered Bonds and, unless otherwise specifically provided in this
Indenture, shall be Outstanding Bonds.

     Section 213.   Conditions of Issuance.

     (a)  Prior to or simultaneously with the authentication and delivery
of the Bonds by the Trustee, the Trustee shall have received notice that
the conditions for the issuance of the Letter of Credit as set forth in
Article VIII of the original Reimbursement Agreement have been satisfied
and there shall be filed with the Trustee such documents, certificates and
opinions as Trustee may require, including, the following:

          (1)  A copy, certified by the Secretary, of the resolution of the
     Issuer authorizing the issuance of the Bonds, awarding the Bonds and
     directing the authentication and delivery of the Bonds to or upon the
     order of the purchaser(s) therein named upon payment of the purchase
     price therein set forth.

          (2)  Executed counterparts of this Indenture, the Loan Agreement,
     the Note (endorsed without recourse by the Issuer to the Trustee), the
     Letter of Credit, the Reimbursement Agreement, the Tender Agency
     Agreement and the Remarketing Agreement.

          (3)  An opinion of Counsel to the Issuer, to the effect that the
     execution and delivery of the Loan Agreement and this Indenture have
     been duly authorized by the Issuer, the Loan Agreement and this
     Indenture have been duly executed by the Issuer and that, assuming
     proper authorization and execution of this Indenture by the Trustee
     and of the Loan Agreement by the Company, the Loan Agreement and this
     Indenture are the valid and binding agreements of the Issuer
     enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to the
     qualification that enforceability thereof may be limited by
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
     affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by the
     exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general equitable
     principles.

          (4)  An opinion of Counsel to the Company to the effect that the
     execution and delivery of the Loan Agreement, the Note, the
     Reimbursement Agreement, the Remarketing Agreement and the Tender
     Agency Agreement have been duly authorized by the Company, that the
     Loan Agreement, the Note, the Reimbursement Agreement, the Remarketing
     Agreement and the Tender Agency Agreement have been duly executed and
     delivered by the Company, and that the Loan Agreement, the Note, the
     Reimbursement Agreement, the Remarketing Agreement and the Tender
     Agency Agreement, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
     thereof by the other parties thereto, if any, are valid, binding and
     enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms,
     subject to the qualification that enforceability thereof may be
     limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
     similar laws affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally and
     by the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general
     equitable principles.

          (5)  An opinion of Counsel to the Company to the effect that
     copies of such instruments and financing statements (described in such
     opinion) as are necessary have been recorded and filed in the manner
     and places required by State law with the effect that (i) the lien on
     this Indenture has been perfected and creates, as to the rights of the
     Issuer under the Loan Agreement assigned under this Indenture, a valid
     security interest; and (ii) that the Issuer's endorsement and pledge
     of the Note to the Trustee and the Trustee's possession thereof
     creates a valid, perfected, first priority security interest in the
     Note, subject to no equal or prior liens.

          (6)  An opinion of Counsel to the Issuer, to the effect that the
     issuance of the Bonds and the execution of this Indenture have been
     duly and validly authorized by the Issuer, that all conditions
     precedent to the delivery of the Bonds have been fulfilled and that
     the Bonds and this Indenture are valid and binding agreements of the
     Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the
     qualification that enforceability thereof may be limited by
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
     affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by the
     exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general equitable
     principles.

          (7)  A written request and authorization of the Issuer addressed
     to the Trustee directing the Trustee to authenticate and deliver the
     Bonds.  

          (8)  Such other documents as the Trustee may reasonably require.

          (9)  A favorable opinion of Bond Counsel as to the tax-exempt
     status of interest on the Bonds.  

     (b)  When the documents mentioned in paragraphs (1) through (9) of
subsection (a) of this Section shall have been filed with the Trustee and
when the Bonds shall have been executed as required by this Indenture, the
Trustee shall authenticate the Bonds and deliver them to or upon the order
of the purchaser(s) named in the resolution mentioned in paragraph (1)
thereof, but only upon payment to the Trustee for the account of the Issuer
of the purchase price of the Bonds.  The Trustee shall be entitled to rely
conclusively upon such resolution or resolutions, or document approved
thereby, as to the name of the purchasers and the amount of such purchase
price.

     (c)  Simultaneously with the delivery of the Bonds, the Trustee shall
apply the proceeds of the Bonds in accordance with Article IV of this
Indenture.


                                ARTICLE III

                PURCHASE AND REMARKETING OF TENDERED BONDS

     Section 301.   Remarketing of Tendered Bonds.

     (a)  Not later than the close of business on the date the Tender Agent
receives an Optional Tender Notice, the Tender Agent shall notify the
Remarketing Agent and the Company by telephone, telex or telecopier,
confirmed in writing if requested, specifying the Variable Rate Purchase
Date.

     (b)  Not later than the close of business on the ninth (9th) day prior
to the Conversion Date, the Trustee shall notify the Placement Agent and
the Company by telephone, telex or telecopier, confirmed in writing if
requested, specifying the aggregate principal amount of Bonds deemed
tendered for mandatory purchase on the Conversion Date.

     (c)  Except as provided in subsection (d) below and Section 305
hereof, upon receipt by the Remarketing Agent of notice from the Tender
Agent pursuant to Section 301(a) hereof and by the Placement Agent of
notice from the Trustee pursuant to Section 301(b) hereof, the Remarketing
Agent or the Placement Agent, as the case may be, shall use its best
efforts to arrange for the sale, at par plus accrued interest, if any, of
such Bonds tendered or deemed tendered for settlement on the Variable Rate
Purchase Date or the Conversion Date, respectively.  At or before 4:00 p.m.
on the Business Day immediately preceding the Variable Rate Purchase Date
or the Conversion Date, the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent,
respectively, shall give notice by telephone, telecopier or telex, promptly
confirmed in writing if requested, to the Trustee and the Tender Agent
specifying the principal amount of such Bonds, if any, placed by it and to
the Trustee the names, addresses and social security numbers or other tax
identification numbers of the proposed purchasers thereof.

     (d)  Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (c) above, any Bond
purchased pursuant to the terms of this Indenture from the date notice of
redemption or conversion is given shall not be remarketed except to a buyer
who agrees at the time of such purchase to tender such Bond for redemption
or purchase on the redemption or purchase date.

     (e)  During the Variable Rate Period, the Remarketing Agent shall
continue to use its best efforts to arrange for the sale, at the best price
available, but not less than the principal amount thereof plus accrued
interest, of any Bonds purchased with moneys advanced under the Credit
Facility pursuant to Section 302(a)(2) hereof; provided that Bonds
purchased with moneys advanced under the Credit Facility shall not be
released for delivery to the purchasers unless the Credit Facility has been
reinstated by the sum of (a) the amount drawn thereunder to pay the
purchase price for such Bonds and (b) interest on such portion for 120 days
at a maximum rate of 15%, and the Trustee has received the executed
reinstatement certificate required to be delivered by such Credit Facility
Issuer.  The Trustee agrees to advise the Tender Agent immediately upon
receipt of such reinstatement certificate.

     Section 302.   Purchase of Bonds Delivered to the Tender Agent.

     (a)  There is hereby established with the Tender Agent a Bond Purchase
Fund out of which the purchase price for Bonds tendered for purchase on a
Variable Rate Purchase Date, the Conversion Date or on such other date on
which Bonds are remarketed shall be paid.  There are hereby established in
the Bond Purchase Fund two separate and segregated accounts, to be
designated the "Remarketing Account" and the "Bank Account".  Funds
received from purchasers of Tendered Bonds (other than the Company or the
Credit Facility Issuer) shall be deposited by the Remarketing Agent or the
Placement Agent, as the case may be, in the Remarketing Account.  At or
prior to 10:00 a.m. on each Variable Rate Purchase Date or the Conversion
Date, the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent, as the case may be,
shall deliver to the Tender Agent for deposit in the Remarketing Account of
the Bond Purchase Fund immediately available funds, payable to the order of
the Tender Agent, in an amount equal to the purchase price of the Bonds to
be delivered to the Tender Agent that have been remarketed by the
Remarketing Agent or placed by the Placement Agent as specified in the
notice delivered pursuant to Section 301(c) hereof.  Funds, if any, drawn
by the Trustee under the Credit Facility pursuant to Section 302(b) below
in an amount equal to the aggregate purchase price of Bonds tendered for
purchase less the amount available in the Remarketing Account shall, at the
direction of the Trustee, be delivered by the Credit Facility Issuer to the
Tender Agent for deposit in the Bank Account of the Bond Purchase Fund.  On
each Variable Rate Purchase Date and on the Conversion Date, the Tender
Agent shall effect the purchase, but only from the funds listed below, of
such Bonds from the owners thereof at a purchase price equal to the
principal amount thereof, plus interest accrued, if any, to the date of
purchase and such payment shall be made in immediately available funds. 
Funds from the payment of such purchase price shall be derived from the
following sources in the order of priority indicated:

          (1)  proceeds of the remarketing of such Bonds pursuant to
     Section 301(c) hereof which constitute Available Moneys.

          (2)  moneys furnished by the Trustee to the Tender Agent
     representing proceeds of a drawing by the Trustee under the Credit
     Facility; and

          (3)  any other moneys available for such purposes.

     (b)  The Tender Agent shall advise the Trustee by telex or telecopier
and shall advise the Credit Facility Issuer and the Company by telephone,
in each case, no later than 10:30 a.m. on each Variable Rate Purchase Date
or the Conversion Date, as the case may be, of the amount of any drawing
under the Credit Facility necessary to make timely payments hereunder.  The
Trustee shall promptly (and in no event later than 11:00 a.m.) take all
action necessary to draw on the Credit Facility the specified amount.  All
amounts received by the Trustee from a drawing under the Credit Facility
shall be transferred to the Tender Agent and held by the Tender Agent in
the Bank Account pending application of such moneys as provided in this
Article III.  The Trustee shall provide to the Tender Agent the funds
referred to in paragraph (2) of Section 302(a) prior to the time the Tender
Agent is required to apply such funds to effect the purchase of Bonds and
shall notify the Tender Agent promptly after receipt of notice from the
Credit Facility Issuer reinstating the Credit Facility.  The Remarketing
Agent shall deliver funds from the sale of Bonds held by the Credit
Facility Issuer as pledgee of the Company pursuant to Section 301(e) hereof
to the Tender Agent for deposit in the Remarketing Account, which funds
shall be promptly paid by the Tender Agent on behalf of the Company to the
Credit Facility Issuer as reimbursement under the Reimbursement Agreement. 
The Tender Agent shall notify the Trustee of any such reimbursement, and
the Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Credit Facility Issuer any
reinstatement certificate and the form of transfer certificate required by
the Credit Facility.

     Section 303.   Delivery of Purchased Bonds.

     (a)  Bonds purchased shall be delivered as follows:

          (1)  Bonds placed by the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent
     pursuant to Section 301 hereof shall be delivered by the Tender Agent
     to the Remarketing Agent or the Placement Agent, as the case may be,
     on behalf of the purchasers thereof.

          (2)  Bonds purchased with moneys described in Section 302(a)(2)
     shall be delivered to the Credit Facility Issuer as pledgee of the
     Company pursuant to the terms of the Reimbursement Agreement and the
     Pledge Agreement or the Credit Facility Issuer designee.

     (b)  Except as otherwise set forth herein, Bonds delivered as provided
in this Section 303 shall be registered by the Bond Registrar in the manner
directed by the recipient thereof.

     (c)  In the event that any Bond to be delivered to the Tender Agent is
not delivered by the owner thereof properly endorsed for transfer on or
prior to the Variable Rate Purchase Date or the Conversion Date, as the
case may be, and there has been irrevocably deposited with the Tender Agent
an amount sufficient to pay the purchase price thereof, which amount may be
held by the Tender Agent in a non-interest bearing account, the Issuer
shall execute and the Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall
authenticate and deliver a substitute Bond in lieu of the Undelivered Bond
and the Bond Registrar shall register such Bond in the name of the
purchaser thereof.  Thereafter, interest on such Undelivered Bond shall
cease to accrue, and the holder thereof shall be entitled only to payment
of the purchase price therefor and not to the benefits of the Indenture.  

     (d)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Bonds purchased with funds
identified in Section 302(a)(2) hereof shall be held by the Credit Facility
Issuer or the Tender Agent and shall not be delivered to subsequent
purchasers thereof or any other person until the Trustee has notified the
Tender Agent that the Credit Facility has been reinstated to the extent of
the purchase price of such Bonds and interest thereon.

     Section 304.   Delivery of the Proceeds of the Sale of Remarketed
                    Bonds.

     The proceeds of the placement of the Bonds by the Remarketing Agent of
any Bonds delivered to the Tender Agent or by the Placement Agent of Bonds
on the Conversion Date shall be paid first, to the tendering Bondholders of
such Bonds; second, to the Credit Facility Issuer, to the extent of any
amounts drawn under the Credit Facility in connection with the payment of
the purchase price for such Bonds and not reimbursed to the Credit Facility
Issuer as of the time of sale of such Bonds; and third, to the Company.

     Section 305.   No Remarketing After Certain Events.

     Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, there
shall be no remarketing of Bonds pursuant to this Article III after the
Conversion Date or the principal of the Bonds shall have been accelerated
pursuant to Section 902 hereof.


                                ARTICLE IV

                         REFUNDING OF PRIOR BONDS

     Section 401.   Refunding of Prior Bonds.

     (a)  A special fund is hereby created and designated the Hillsborough
County Industrial Development Authority Industrial Development Revenue
Refunding Bonds (Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series 1994 Redemption
Fund (the "Redemption Fund").  The moneys received by the Issuer from the
proceeds of the sale of the Bonds shall be deposited to the Redemption
Fund.

     (b)  Moneys held in the Redemption Fund shall be invested and
reinvested by the Trustee, at the written direction of the Company in
Investment Obligations which shall mature not later than November 1, 1994. 
Obligations so purchased as an investment of moneys in the Redemption fund
shall be deemed at all times to be part of the Redemption Fund, and the
interest accruing thereon and any profit realized from such investment
shall be credited to the Redemption Fund, and any loss resulting from such
investment shall be charged to the Redemption Fund.  The Trustee shall sell
at market price or present for redemption any obligation so purchased
whenever it shall be necessary so to do in order to provide cash to meet
any payment or transfer from the Redemption Fund.  Neither the Trustee nor
the Issuer shall be liable or responsible for loss resulting from any such
investment or the sale of any such investment made pursuant to the terms of
this Section.  The Trustee may make any and all investments permitted by
this Section through its own bond or investment department, unless
otherwise directed in writing by the Company.

     (c)  The moneys in the Redemption Fund shall be held by the Trustee in
trust and shall, on November 1, 1994 or such earlier date as directed by
the Company, be applied, together with additional funds contributed by the
Company or by Watts Industries, Inc., to the payment in full of the
outstanding principal amount of the Prior Bonds.

     (d)  Simultaneously with payment by the Trustee as described in (c)
above, the Company shall pay all additional amounts sufficient to pay the
principal of and interest on the Prior Bonds to the date of redemption
thereof and to pay directly all fees, charges and expenses of the holders
of the Prior Bonds and of the Prior Trustee in connection with the
redemption of the Prior Bonds.  Following such payments, the Trustee shall
receive from the holder of the Prior Bonds or the Prior Trustee a
certificate to the effect that the Prior Bonds have been redeemed and paid
in full and evidence that the Prior Bonds have been cancelled.


                                 ARTICLE V

                     REVENUES AND APPLICATION THEREOF

     Section 501.   Revenues to be Paid Over to Trustee.

     The Issuer has caused the Revenues to be paid directly to the Trustee. 
If, notwithstanding these arrangements, the Issuer receives any payments on
account of the Note or a Credit Facility with respect to the principal or
redemption price of or interest on the Bonds, the Issuer shall immediately
pay over the same to the Trustee to be held as Revenues.

     Section 502.   The Bond Fund.

     (a)  There is hereby established with the Trustee a special fund to be
designated "Hillsborough County Industrial Development Authority Industrial
Development Revenue Refunding Bonds (Leslie Controls, Inc. Project), Series
1994 Bond Fund" (the "Bond Fund"), the moneys in which, in accordance with
Section 502(c) hereof, the Trustee shall apply to (1) the principal or
redemption price of Bonds as they mature or become due, upon surrender
thereof, and (2) the interest on Bonds as it becomes payable.  There are
hereby established with the Trustee within the Bond Fund two separate and
segregated accounts, to be designated the "Payments Account" and the
"Credit Facility Account".

     (b)  There shall be deposited into the various accounts of the Bond
Fund from time to time the following:

          (1)  into the Payments Account, (A) all payments of principal or
     redemption price (including premium) of or interest on the Note, and
     (B) all other moneys received by the Trustee under and pursuant to the
     provisions of this Indenture or any of the provisions of the Note or
     the Loan Agreement, when accompanied by written directions from the
     person depositing such moneys that such moneys are to be paid into
     such account of the Bond Fund.  All amounts deposited in the Payments
     Account shall be segregated and held, with the earnings thereon,
     separate and apart from other funds in the Bond Fund until such
     amounts become Available Moneys.  At such time as funds deposited in
     the Payments Account become Available Moneys, they may be commingled
     with other Available Moneys in the Payments Account; and

          (2)  into the Credit Facility Account, all moneys drawn by the
     Trustee under the Credit Facility to pay principal or redemption price
     (excluding any premium) of the Bonds and interest on the Bonds.

     (c)  Except as provided in Section 911 hereof, moneys in the Bond Fund
shall be used solely for the payment of the principal or redemption price
of the Bonds and interest on the Bonds from the following sources but only
in the following order of priority;

          (1)  moneys held in the Credit Facility Account, provided that in
     no event shall moneys held in the Credit Facility Account be used to
     pay any amounts due on Bonds which are held by or for the Company,
     including without limitation, Bonds pledged to the Credit Facility
     Issuer, or to pay any portion of the redemption premiums required
     pursuant to Section 701(a)(2) hereof; and

          (2)  moneys held in the Payments Account to the extent such
     amounts qualify as Available Moneys (except with respect to moneys
     paid on Bonds that are held by or for the Company, including without
     limitation, Bonds pledged to the Credit Facility Issuer, which moneys
     need not qualify as Available Moneys).

     (d)  Not later than 10:00 a.m. on the third (3rd) Business Day
preceding the date on which principal or redemption price of or interest on
the Bonds is due and payable (the "Payment Date"), the Trustee shall have
notified the Company and the Credit Facility Issuer of the amounts of
principal and interest due on the Bonds on the Payment Date.  Not later
than 11:00 a.m. on each Payment Date, the Trustee shall present a draft or
drafts under the Credit Facility in the amounts due and payable on the
Bonds.  Such funds shall be wired by the Bank to be deposited in the Credit
Facility Account and payments due under the Bonds shall be made by the
Trustee in accordance with Section 208 and Section 502(c) hereof. 
Following such payment to the Bondholders, the Trustee shall, on behalf of
the Company, promptly pay moneys on deposit in the Payments Account in an
amount equal to the amounts of such drawing or drawings to the Bank as
reimbursement to the Bank under the terms of the Reimbursement Agreement. 
If no amounts are owed by the Company to the Credit Facility Issuer under
the Reimbursement Agreement, any amounts remaining in the Payments Account
on the Business Day immediately following a Payment Date shall be paid to
the Company upon request with the consent of the Credit Facility Issuer.

     (e)  Except as provided in the following sentence, the Bond Fund shall
be depleted at least once each year, except for a reasonable carryover
amount (not to exceed the greater of one year's earnings on the Bond Fund
or one-twelfth (1/12th) of annual debt service).  Any money deposited in
the Bond Fund shall be spent within a thirteen (13) month period beginning
on the date of deposit, and any amount received from investment of money
held in the Bond Fund shall be spent within a one (1) year period beginning
on the date of receipt.  Any amounts remaining in the Bond Fund after
payment in full of the principal or redemption price of and interest on the
Bonds (or provisions for payment thereof) shall be paid to the Company at
the written request of the Company therefor or as otherwise required by
law; provided, that if any payments have been received by the Trustee from
the Credit Facility in connection with such payment of the Bonds, any
remaining amounts shall be paid to the Credit Facility Issuer to the extent
of such payments.

     Section 503.   Revenues to Be Held for All Bondholders; Certain
                    Exceptions.

     Revenues shall, until applied as provided in this Indenture, be held
by the Trustee in trust for the benefit of the owners of all Outstanding
Bonds, except that any portion of the Revenues representing principal or
redemption price of any Bonds, and interest on any Bonds previously matured
or called for redemption in accordance with Article VII of this Indenture,
shall be held for the benefit of the owners of such Bonds only.

     Section 504.   Rebate Fund.

     In the event that the Company provides for the deposit of amounts from
time to time for rebate to the United States of America pursuant to the
Loan Agreement, the Trustee is hereby authorized to create a special fund
to be designated as the Rebate Fund.  The Rebate Fund shall be held
separate and apart from all other funds under this Indenture and shall not
be subject to the lien and pledge granted hereunder for the benefit of
Bondholders.  The Trustee shall remit money deposited in the Rebate Fund to
the United States of America or otherwise as directed in writing by the
Company.  All moneys deposited in the Rebate Fund shall be held and
invested at the sole direction of the Company.  In making investments
hereunder, or in selling or disposing of investments as required hereby,
the Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to independently verify
compliance with Sections 148(d) and 148(f) of the Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder and the Trustee shall be fully protected in relying
solely upon the written directions of the Company as aforesaid.  Under no
circumstances whatsoever shall the Trustee be liable to the Issuer, the
Company or any holder for any loss of tax-exempt status of the Bonds, or
any claims, demands, damages, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses
resulting therefrom or in any way connected therewith, so long as the
Trustee acts only in accordance with the written directions of the Company
as provided hereunder.  The Trustee shall not be responsible for any losses
in the investment of money in the Rebate Fund made at the direction of the
Company.  


                                ARTICLE VI

                   DEPOSITARIES OF MONEYS, SECURITY FOR
           DEPOSITS AND INVESTMENT OF FUNDS; THE CREDIT FACILITY

     Section 601.   Security for Deposits.

     All moneys deposited with the Trustee under the provisions of this
Indenture or the Loan Agreement shall be held in trust and applied only in
accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Loan Agreement and
shall not be subject to lien (other than the lien created hereby) or
attachment by any creditor of the Trustee, the Issuer or the Company.

     Section 602.   Investment of Moneys.

     (a)  At the request and the direction of the Company (confirmed in
writing), moneys held for the credit of the Bond Fund (including any amount
therein) shall be invested and reinvested by the Trustee in Investment
Obligations which shall mature not later than the respective dates when the
moneys held for the credit of said funds will be required for the purposes
intended, provided that moneys held in the Credit Facility Account of the
Bond Fund shall be invested and reinvested by the Trustee only in
Governmental Obligations which shall mature not later than the date on
which such moneys will be required to be paid; provided further that such
investment shall only be made at the direction of the Company. The Trustee
shall be entitled to rely on instruction from the Company.  In making
investments hereunder, or in selling or disposing of investments as
required hereby, the Trustee shall have no duty or responsibility to
independently verify compliance with Sections 148(d) and 148(f) of the Code
and the regulations promulgated thereunder and the Trustee shall be fully
protected in relying solely upon the written directions of the Company as
aforesaid.  Under no circumstances whatsoever shall the Trustee be liable
to the Issuer, the Company or any holder for any loss of tax-exempt status
of the Bonds, or any claims, demands, damages, liabilities, losses, costs
or expenses resulting therefrom or in any way connected therewith, so long
as the Trustee acts only in accordance with the written directions of the
Company as provided hereunder.  

     (b)  Obligations so purchased as an investment of moneys in any such
fund or account shall be deemed at all times to be a part of such fund or
account, and the interest accruing thereon and any profit realized from
such investment shall be credited to such fund or account, and any loss
resulting from such investment shall be charged to such fund or account. 
The Trustee shall sell at market price or present for redemption any
obligation so purchased whenever it shall be necessary so to do in order to
provide cash to meet any payment or transfer from any such fund or account. 
Neither the Trustee nor the Issuer shall be liable or responsible for loss
resulting from any such investment or the sale of any such investment made
pursuant to the terms of this Section.

     (c)  For the purpose of the Trustee's determination of the amount on
deposit to the credit of any such fund or account, obligations in which
moneys in such fund or account have been invested shall be valued at the
lower of cost or market.

     (d)  The Trustee may make any and all investments permitted by this
Section through its own bond or investment department, unless otherwise
directed in writing by the Company Representative.

     Section 603.   The Credit Facility.

     (a)  Initial Letter of Credit.

          (1)  The Letter of Credit shall be a direct pay letter of credit
     and shall provide for direct payments to or upon the order of the
     Trustee as hereinafter set forth and shall be the irrevocable
     obligation of the Bank to pay to or upon the order of the Trustee,
     upon request and in accordance with the terms thereof, an amount of up
     to $5,003,250 of which (A) $4,765,000 shall support the payment of
     principal of the Bonds when due and that portion of the purchase price
     corresponding to principal of Tendered Bonds not remarketed on any
     Variable Rate Purchase Date or sold on the Conversion Date, and (B)
     $238,250 shall support the payment of up to one hundred twenty (120)
     days' interest at a maximum rate of fifteen percent (15%) per annum on
     the Bonds when due and that portion of the purchase price
     corresponding to interest on Tendered Bonds not remarketed on any
     Variable Rate Purchase Date or sold on the Conversion Date.

          (2)  The Letter of Credit shall terminate automatically on the
     earliest of (A) the date on which a drawing under the Letter of Credit
     has been honored upon the maturity or acceleration of the Bonds or
     redemption of all the Bonds, (B) the day on which the Credit Facility
     Issuer receives the notice of the conversion following the Conversion
     Date, (C) the date on which the Bank receives notice from the Trustee
     that an Alternate Credit Facility is substituted for the Letter of
     Credit and is in effect, (D) the date on which the Bank receives
     notice from the Trustee that there are no longer any Bonds Outstanding
     and (E) the Stated Termination Date described in the Letter of Credit
     as it may be extended pursuant to the terms thereof.

          (3)  The Bank's obligation under the Letter of Credit may be
     reduced to the extent of any drawing thereunder, subject to
     reinstatement as provided therein.  The Letter of Credit shall provide
     that, with respect to a drawing by the Trustee solely to pay interest
     on the Bonds on any Interest Payment Date, if the Trustee shall not
     have received from the Bank within ten (10) days from the date of such
     drawing a notice by telecopier, by telex or in writing that the Bank
     has not been reimbursed, the Trustee's right to draw under the Letter
     of Credit with respect to the payment of interest shall be reinstated
     on or before the eleventh (11th) day following such drawing in an
     amount equal to such drawing.  With respect to any other drawing by
     the Trustee, the amount available under the Letter of Credit for
     payment of the purchase price of the Bonds and interest on the Bonds
     shall be reinstated in an amount equal to any such drawing but only to
     the extent that the Bank is reimbursed in accordance with the terms of
     the Reimbursement Agreement for the amounts so drawn.

          (4)  The Letter of Credit shall provide that if, in accordance
     with the terms of the Indenture, the Bonds shall become or be declared
     immediately due and payable pursuant to any provision of the
     Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to draw on the Letter of
     Credit to the extent that the amounts are available thereunder to pay
     the aggregate principal amount of the Bonds then Outstanding plus an
     amount of interest not to exceed one hundred twenty (120) days.

          (5)  Upon the termination of the Letter of Credit, the Trustee
     shall return the Letter of Credit to the Bank.

     (b)  Expiration.  Unless an Alternate Credit Facility has been
provided in accordance with Section 603(c) hereof at least thirty (30) days
before the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the fourteenth
(14th) day prior to the expiration date of a Credit Facility, the Trustee
shall call the Bonds for redemption in accordance with the Section
701(c)(2) hereof.  If at any time there shall cease to be any Bonds
Outstanding hereunder, the Trustee shall promptly surrender the then
current Credit Facility to the Credit Facility Issuer for cancellation. 
The Trustee shall comply with the procedures set forth in the Credit
Facility relating to the termination thereof.

     (c)  Alternate Credit Facilities.  While the Bonds bear interest at
the Variable Rate, the Company may, at its option, provide for the delivery
to the Trustee of an Alternate Credit Facility.  The Alternate Credit
Facility shall have terms in all respects material to the owners of the
Bonds the same as the Credit Facility being replaced and shall be in form
acceptable to the Trustee and the Tender Agent.  On or prior to the date of
delivery of an Alternate Credit Facility to the Trustee, the Company shall
furnish to the Trustee:

          (1)  an opinion of Counsel stating that the delivery of such
     Alternate Credit Facility to the Trustee is authorized under this
     Indenture and complies with the terms hereof and that such Alternate
     Credit Facility is enforceable against the Credit Facility Issuer
     thereof in accordance with its terms, and

          (2)  if the Bonds are rated by Moody's or S&P, written evidence
     (or such other evidence satisfactory to the Trustee) from Moody's, if
     the Bonds are rated by Moody's, and from S&P, if the Bonds are rated
     by S&P, in each case to the effect that such rating agency has
     reviewed the proposed Alternate Credit Facility and that the
     substitution of the proposed Alternate Credit Facility for the then
     current Credit Facility will not, by itself, result in:

               (A)  a permanent withdrawal of its rating of the Bonds, or

               (B)  a reduction of the then current rating of the Bonds,

     or if the Bonds are not rated by Moody's or S&P, written evidence (or
     such other evidence satisfactory to the Trustee in its sole
     discretion) that obligations substantially equivalent in term to the
     term of the proposed Alternate Letter of Credit of the bank or
     institution issuing the proposed Alternate Credit Facility are rated
     by Moody's or S&P in the same category as the obligations of
     substantially equivalent term of the bank or institution which issued
     the Credit Facility being replaced; provided, however, if the Company
     provides the Trustee with an opinion of Bond Counsel that a change in
     the then current rating on the Bonds or a change in the Credit
     Facility Issuer to a bank or institution the obligations of which are
     rated in a different category than those obligations of equivalent
     term of the issuer of the Credit Facility being replaced will not
     adversely affect the exclusion of the interest on the Bonds from gross
     income from federal tax purposes, then such evidence need not be
     provided, but the Company shall instead provide the Trustee with
     written evidence (or such other evidence as shall be satisfactory to
     the Trustee) that the commercial paper of the bank or institution
     issuing the proposed Alternate Credit Facility is rated P-3 or higher
     by Moody's or A-3 or higher by S&P.  

The Trustee shall then accept such Alternate Credit Facility and surrender
the previously held Credit Facility to the previous Credit Facility Issuer
for cancellation promptly on or before the fifteenth (15th) day after the
Alternate Credit Facility becomes effective, but not later than the
fifteenth (15th) day following the last Interest Payment Date covered by
the Credit Facility to be cancelled.

     (d)  Notices of Substitution or Replacement of Credit Facility.

          (1)  The Trustee shall, at least twenty (20) days prior to the
     proposed replacement of a Credit Facility with an Alternate Credit
     Facility, give notice thereof by mail to the owners of the Bonds,
     which notice shall include the identity of the issuer thereof and the
     rating, if any, to be assigned to the Bonds by Moody's or S&P
     following the effective date of such Alternate Credit Facility or, if
     the Bonds are not then rated by Moody's or S&P, then the rating
     assigned by Moody's or S&P to the obligations substantially equivalent
     in term to the term of the proposed Alternate Credit Facility of the
     Issuer of such Alternate Credit Facility.  

          (2)  The Trustee shall promptly give notice of any replacement of
     the Credit Facility to the Issuer, the Tender Agent and the
     Remarketing Agent.


                                ARTICLE VII

                    REDEMPTION OR PURCHASE OF THE BONDS

     Section 701.   Redemption or Purchase Dates and Prices.

     The Bonds shall be subject to redemption, and, in certain instances,
to purchase, prior to maturity in the amounts, at the times and in the
manner provided in this Article VII.  Payments of the redemption price or
the purchase price of any Bond shall be made only upon the surrender to the
Trustee or its agent, as directed, of any Bond so redeemed or purchased.

     (a)  Optional Redemption

          (1)  Optional Redemption During Variable Rate Period.  While the
     Bonds bear interest at the Variable Rate, the Bonds shall be subject
     to redemption, upon the written direction of the Issuer, given at the
     request of the Company, on any Interest Payment Date and on the
     Conversion Date in whole or in part, at a redemption price of one
     hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof, without
     premium, plus interest accrued to the redemption date.

          (2)  Optional Redemption With Premium During Fixed Rate Period. 
     While the Bonds bear interest at the Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall be
     subject to redemption upon the written direction of the Issuer, given
     at the request of the Company, in whole or in part, on any Interest
     Payment Date occurring on or after the dates set forth below, at the
     redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount to be
     redeemed) set forth below plus interest accrued to the redemption date
     as follows:

          Commencement of
          Redemption Period                  Redemption Price

          The Business Day four              103% declining by 1/2% on each
          (4) years from the                 succeeding anniversary of the
first
          Conversion Date                    day of the redemption period
                                             until reaching 100% and
                                             thereafter at 100%

     (b)  Extraordinary Optional Redemption Due to Casualty or Eminent
     Domain.

          (1)  The Bonds may be redeemed as a whole or in part by the
     Issuer at any time at the written direction of the Company, at a
     redemption price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal
     amount thereof plus interest accrued thereon to the redemption date,
     without premium, under any of the following conditions, the existence
     of which shall be certified to the Trustee by the Company
     Representative:

               (A)  The Project shall have been damaged or destroyed to
          such extent that the amount of Net Proceeds of insurance exceeds
          $500,000 and the Company elects not to rebuild the Project or
          fails to so elect within ninety (90) days of receipt by the
          Trustee of such Net Proceeds; or

               (B)  Title to, or the temporary use of, all of the Project
          or any substantial portion thereof shall have been taken by
          Eminent Domain and the amount of Net Proceeds from such taking
          exceeds $500,000 and the Company elects not to replace the
          property so taken or fails so to elect within ninety (90) days of
          receipt by the Trustee of such Net Proceeds.

          (2)  Such redemption shall occur on the next Interest Payment
     Date occurring not less than thirty (30) days following the expiration
     of such 90-day period referred to in paragraph (1) of this Section
     701(b).

     (c)  Mandatory Redemption.

          (1)  Determination of Taxability.  The Bonds shall be subject to
     mandatory redemption in whole on any date at a redemption price equal
     to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof plus
     accrued interest to the redemption date which shall not be more than
     one hundred eighty (180) days following the receipt by the Trustee of
     a written notice of a Determination of Taxability.

          (2)  Failure to Provide Alternate Credit Facility.  The Bonds
     shall be subject to mandatory redemption during the Variable Rate
     Period at one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof,
     without premium, plus interest accrued, if any, thereon to the date of
     redemption, on the Interest Payment Date occurring closest to but not
     after fifteen (15) days prior to the date of expiration of the then
     current Credit Facility, unless an Alternate Credit Facility has been
     provided in accordance with Article VI hereof.

     (d)  Mandatory Purchase on Conversion Date.  The Bonds shall be
subject to mandatory purchase in whole on the Conversion Date at a purchase
price equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount thereof,
without premium, plus interest accrued, if any, thereon to the date of
purchase, on the Conversion Date.

     Section 702.   Company to Direct Optional Redemption.

     The Issuer shall direct the Trustee in writing to call Bonds for
optional redemption when and only when it shall have been notified by the
Company to do so and the Company has notified the Trustee in writing that
the Company has made or intends to make a corresponding prepayment under
the Note.  Such direction from the Issuer to the Trustee shall be given at
least forty-five (45) days but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the
redemption date or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to the
Trustee.  So long as a Credit Facility is then held by the Trustee, the
Trustee shall only call Bonds for optional redemption if it has Available
Moneys in the Payments Account of the Bond Fund or has been notified by the
Credit Facility Issuer that it will receive moneys pursuant to the Credit
Facility, in the aggregate, sufficient to pay the redemption price of the
Bonds to be called for redemption, plus accrued interest thereon.

     Section 703.   Selection of Bonds to be Called for Redemption.

     Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Bonds, if less than all
the Bonds are to be redeemed, the particular Bonds to be called for
redemption shall be selected in the following order of priority: first,
Bonds pledged to the Bank pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, second, Bonds
owned by the Company and third, Bonds selected by any random or other
method determined by the Trustee in its sole discretion to be fair and
reasonable.  The Trustee shall treat any Bond of a denomination greater
than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) as representing that number of
separate Bonds each of the denomination of the minimum denomination of One
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) or any integral multiple of Five
Thousand Dollars ($5,000) in excess thereof as the Trustee shall so
determine.

     Section 704.   Notice of Redemption or Purchase.

     (a)  When required to redeem or purchase Bonds under any provision of
this Article VII, or when directed to do so by the Issuer, the Trustee
shall cause notice of the redemption or purchase to be given not more than
sixty (60) days and not less than twenty (20) days prior to the redemption
or purchase date by mailing a copy of all notices of redemption or purchase
by first class mail, postage prepaid, to all registered owners of Bonds to
be redeemed or purchased at their addresses shown on the Bond Register. 
Failure to mail any such notice or defect in the mailing thereof in respect
of any Bond shall not affect the validity of the redemption or purchase of
any other Bond.  Notices of redemption or purchases shall also be mailed to
the Remarketing Agent and the Credit Facility Issuer, if any.  Any such
notice shall be given in the name of the Issuer, shall identify the Bonds
to be redeemed or purchased (and, in the case of partial redemption or
purchase of any Bonds, the respective principal amounts thereof to be
redeemed or purchased), shall specify the redemption or purchase date, and
shall state that on the redemption or purchase date, the redemption or
purchase price of the Bonds called for redemption or purchase will be
payable at the principal corporate trust office of the Trustee, or in the
case of mandatory redemptions or purchases pursuant to Section 701(c)(2) or
701(d) hereof at the office of the Trustee's Paying Agent, if any, and that
from that date interest will cease to accrue.  The Trustee may use "CUSIP"
numbers in notices of redemption or purchase as a convenience to
Bondholders, provided that any such notice shall state that no
representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as
printed on the Bonds or as contained in any notice of redemption or
purchase and that reliance may be placed only on the identification numbers
containing the prefix established under the Indenture.

     (b)  With respect to any notice of redemption or purchase of Bonds in
accordance with Section 701(c)(2) hereof, such notice shall also specify
the date of the expiration of the term of the Credit Facility.

     (c)  After the Conversion Date, if at the time of mailing of notice of
any optional redemption the Issuer shall not have deposited with the
Trustee moneys sufficient to redeem all the Bonds called for redemption,
such notice may state that it is conditional on the deposit of Available
Moneys with the Trustee not later than the redemption date, and such notice
shall be of no effect unless such moneys are so deposited.

     (d)  Upon redemption of less than all of the Bonds, the Trustee shall
furnish to the Credit Facility Issuer a notice in the form specified by the
Credit Facility Issuer to reduce the coverage provided by the Credit
Facility and upon redemption of all of the Bonds, the Trustee shall
surrender the Credit Facility to the Credit Facility Issuer for
cancellation.

     (e)  Purchases under Section 701(d) hereof shall be in accordance with
Section 202(e) hereof.

     Section 705.   Bonds Redeemed or Purchased in Part.

     Any Bond which is to be redeemed or purchased only in part shall be
surrendered at a place stated in the notice provided for in Section 704
hereof (with due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in
form satisfactory to the Trustee duly executed by, the owner thereof or his
attorney duly authorized in writing) and the Issuer shall execute and the
Trustee or its Authenticating Agent shall authenticate and deliver to the
owner of such Bond without service charge, a new Bond or Bonds, of any
authorized denomination as requested by such owner in an aggregate
principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed and
unpurchased portion of the principal of the Bond so surrendered.


                               ARTICLE VIII

                    PARTICULAR COVENANTS AND PROVISIONS

     Section 801.   Covenant to Pay the Bonds; Bonds Limited Obligations of
                    the Issuer.

     (a)  The Issuer covenants that it will promptly pay the principal of
and interest on and other amounts payable under the Bonds at the places, on
the dates and in the manner provided herein and in the Bonds according to
the true intent and meaning thereof.  Such principal and interest and other
amounts are payable solely from the payments made by the Company on the
Note and other Revenues.

     (b)  The Issuer shall not in any event be liable for the payment of
the principal of or interest on the Bonds, or for the performance of any
pledge, mortgage, obligation or agreement of any kind whatsoever which may
be undertaken by the Issuer, and neither the Bonds nor any of the
agreements or obligations of the Issuer shall be construed to constitute an
indebtedness of the Issuer within the meaning of any constitutional or
statutory provision whatsoever.  The Bonds and the interest thereon shall
never constitute an indebtedness or a charge against the general credit of
the Issuer within the meaning of any constitutional provision or statutory
limitation and shall never constitute nor give rise to any pecuniary
liability of the Issuer, but shall be limited obligations of the Issuer
payable solely from the revenues and other funds pledged therefor and shall
not be payable from any other assets or funds of the Issuer, and neither
the faith and credit nor the taxing power of the State or any political
subdivision or any agency thereof is pledged to the payment of the
principal of or the interest on the Bonds.

     Section 802.   Covenants to Perform Obligations Under this Indenture.

     The Issuer covenants that it will faithfully perform at all times any
and all covenants, undertakings, stipulations and provisions contained in
this Indenture, in the Bonds executed and delivered hereunder and in all
proceedings of the Issuer pertaining thereto and will faithfully observe
and perform at all times any and all covenants, undertakings, stipulations
and provisions of the Loan Agreement on its part to be observed or
performed.  The Issuer covenants that it is duly authorized under the
Constitution and laws of the State, including particularly and without
limitation the Act, to issue the Bonds authorized hereby and to enter into
this Indenture, to endorse the Note to the Trustee, to pledge the payments
on the Note and other Revenues in the manner and to the extent herein set
forth, and to assign its interest in the Note and the Loan Agreement to the
Trustee; and that all action on its part for the issuance of the Bonds
issued hereunder and the execution and delivery of this Indenture has been
duly and effectively taken; and that the Bonds in the hands of the owners
thereof are and will be the valid and binding obligations of the Issuer
according to the tenor and import thereof.

     Section 803.   Covenant to Perform Obligations Under the Loan
                    Agreement.

     Subject to the provisions of Section 804 of this Article, the Issuer
covenants and agrees that it will not suffer, permit or take any action or
do anything or fail to take any action or fail to do anything which may
result in the termination or cancellation of the Loan Agreement so long as
any Bond is Outstanding; that it will punctually fulfill its obligations
and will require the Company to perform punctually its duties and
obligations under the Loan Agreement; that it will not execute or agree to
any change, amendment or modification of or supplement to the Loan
Agreement or this Indenture except by a supplement or an amendment duly
executed by the Issuer and the Company with the approval of the Trustee and
upon the further terms and conditions set forth in Article XIII of this
Indenture; that it will not agree to any abatement, reduction, abrogation,
waiver, diminution or other modification in any manner or to any extent
whatsoever of the obligation of the Company to pay the Note and to meet its
other obligations as provided in the Loan Agreement; and that it will
promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any actual or alleged Event of
Default under the Loan Agreement, whether by the Company or the Issuer,
that comes to the attention of the Issuer, and will further notify the
Trustee at least thirty (30) days before the proposed date of effectiveness
of any proposed termination or cancellation of the Loan Agreement.

     Section 804.   Trustee May Enforce the Issuer's Rights Under the Loan
                    Agreement.

     The Loan Agreement, a duly executed counterpart of which has been
filed with the Trustee, sets forth the covenants and obligations of the
Issuer and the Company, including a provision in Section 12.9 thereof that
subsequent to the issuance of the Bonds and prior to Payment of the Bonds
(as defined in the Loan Agreement) the Loan Agreement and the Note may not
be effectively amended, changed, modified, altered or terminated except as
provided in Article XIII of this Indenture, and reference is hereby made to
the Loan Agreement for a detailed statement of said covenants and
obligations of the Company under the Loan Agreement, and the Issuer agrees
that the Trustee, subject to the provisions of the Loan Agreement and this
Indenture reserving certain rights to the Issuer and respecting actions by
the Trustee in its name or in the name of the Issuer, may enforce all
rights of the Issuer and all obligations of the Company under and pursuant
to the Loan Agreement for and on behalf of the Bondholders whether or not
the Issuer is in default hereunder.

     Section 805.   Covenant Against Arbitrage.

     The Issuer covenants and agrees that it will not make or authorize any
use, and directs the Trustee not to make or permit any use, of the proceeds
of the Bonds which would cause any Bond to be an "arbitrage bond" within
the meaning of Section 148 of the Code and the applicable regulations
promulgated from time to time thereunder, and further covenants that it
will observe and not violate the requirements of Section 148 of the Code
and any such applicable regulations to the extent necessary so that the
interest on the Bonds will not cease to be excluded from the gross income
of the recipients thereof for federal income tax purposes by reason of such
use of proceeds; provided that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be
liable for any investment of moneys under this Indenture made at the
direction of the Company Representative.

     Section 806.   Inspection of the Bond Register.

     At reasonable times and upon reasonable regulations established by the
Bond Registrar, the Bond Register may be inspected and copied by and at the
expense of the Company or any Bondholder.

     Section 807.   Priority of Pledge and Security Interest.

     The pledge herein made of the Trust Estate and the security interest
created herein with respect thereto constitutes a first and prior pledge
of, and a security interest in, the Trust Estate.  Said pledge and security
interest shall at no time be impaired directly or indirectly by the Issuer
or the Trustee, and the Trust Estate shall not otherwise be pledged and,
except as provided herein and in the Loan Agreement, no persons shall have
any rights with respect thereto.

     Section 808.   Insurance and Condemnation Proceeds.

     Reference is hereby made to Sections 6.4 and 6.5 of the Loan Agreement
whereunder it is provided that under certain circumstances the respective
Net Proceeds of insurance and condemnation awards (or Net Proceeds from a
sale in lieu of condemnation) are to be paid to the Trustee and deposited
in separate trust accounts (but not in the Bond Fund) and to be disbursed
and paid out as therein provided.  The Trustee hereby accepts and agrees to
perform the duties and obligations as therein specified.  


                                ARTICLE IX

                           DEFAULT AND REMEDIES

     Section 901.   Defaults.

     Each of the following events is hereby declared to be an "Event of
Default":

     (a)  Payment of interest on any of the Bonds shall not be made when
the same shall become due; or

     (b)  Payment of the principal or redemption price of any of the Bonds
shall not be made when the same shall become due, whether at maturity or
upon call for redemption or otherwise; or

     (c)  An "Event of Default" under the Loan Agreement shall have
occurred and not have been waived; or

     (d)  The Trustee receives written notice from the Credit Facility
Issuer that an Event of Default under the Reimbursement Agreement has
occurred and has not been waived; or

     (e)  The Trustee receives notice by telecopier, by telex or in writing
from the Credit Facility Issuer that the Credit Facility Issuer has not
been reimbursed for a drawing thereon on or before the close of business on
the tenth (10th) calendar day following a drawing under such Credit
Facility to pay interest on the Bonds and that the interest portion of the
Letter of Credit will not be reinstated for the amount so drawn; or

     (f)  Payment of the purchase price of any Bond tendered pursuant to
Section 203 hereof is not made when payment is due; or

     (g)  The Issuer shall fail to duly and punctually perform any of the
covenants, conditions, agreements and provisions contained in the Bonds or
in this Indenture on the part of the Issuer to be performed other than as
referred to in the preceding subsections of this Section;

provided, however, that no failure specified in subsections (c) or (g) of
this Section 901 shall constitute an Event of Default until written notice
specifying such failure and requiring the same to be remedied shall have
been given to the Company and the Issuer by the Trustee, which may give
notice in its discretion and shall give such notice at the written
direction of the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
aggregate principal amount of Bonds Outstanding, and the Company and the
Issuer shall have had thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to
correct said failure and shall not have corrected said failure within the
applicable period.

     Section 902.   Acceleration and Annulment Thereof.

     (a)  Subject to the requirement that the consent of the Credit
Facility Issuer to any acceleration must be obtained in the case of an
Event of Default described in subsections (c) or (g) of Section 901 hereof,
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee may, and upon (1)
the written request of the Credit Facility Issuer, or (2) the occurrence of
an Event of Default described in subsection (a), (b), (d), (e) or (f) of
Section 901 hereof, the Trustee shall, by notice to the Issuer, declare the
entire unpaid principal of and interest on the Bonds due and payable; and
upon such declaration, the said principal, together with interest accrued
thereon, shall become payable immediately, without penalty or premium, at
the place of payment provided therein, anything in the Indenture or in the
Bonds to the contrary notwithstanding.  The Trustee shall not be permitted
to request receipt of indemnity to its satisfaction prior to such
declaration of acceleration.  Upon the occurrence of any acceleration
hereunder, the Trustee shall immediately exercise such rights as it may
have as the owner of the Note to declare all payments thereunder to be due
and payable immediately, and to the extent it has not already done so,
shall immediately draw upon the Credit Facility to the extent permitted by
the terms thereof.  Interest on the Bonds shall cease to accrue upon
receipt by the Trustee of funds drawn under the Credit Facility.

     (b)  Immediately after any acceleration because of the occurrence of
an Event of Default under Sections 901(a), (b), (d), (e) or (f), the
Trustee shall (immediately, and in no event within two Business Days
thereafter) notify in writing the Issuer, the Company and the Credit
Facility Issuer of the occurrence of such acceleration.  Within five (5)
days of the occurrence of any acceleration hereunder, the Trustee shall
notify by first class mail, postage prepaid, the owners of all Bonds
Outstanding of the occurrence of such acceleration.

     (c)  If, after the principal of the Bonds has become due and payable,
all arrears of interest upon the Bonds are paid by the Issuer, and the
Issuer also performs all other things in respect to which it may have been
in default hereunder and pays the reasonable charges of the Trustee and the
Bondholders, including reasonable attorneys' fees, then, and in every such
case, the Credit Facility Issuer or a Majority of the Bondholders by
written notice to the Issuer and to the Trustee, may annul such
acceleration and its consequences, and such annulment shall be binding upon
the Trustee and upon all owners of Bonds issued hereunder; provided,
however, that the Trustee shall not annul any declaration without the
written consent of the Credit Facility Issuer unless such acceleration has
resulted from the failure of the Credit Facility Issuer to honor a proper
draw for payment under the Credit Facility.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Trustee shall not annul any acceleration which has resulted from an
Event of Default which has resulted in a drawing under the Credit Facility
under Section 901(e) hereof unless the Credit Facility has been reinstated
in accordance with its terms to an amount equal to the principal amount of
the Bonds Outstanding plus one hundred twenty (120) days' interest accrued
thereon, and the Trustee has received written notice of such reinstatement
from the Credit Facility Issuer.  The Trustee shall forward a copy of any
notice from Bondholders received by it pursuant to this paragraph to the
Company.  Immediately upon such annulment, the Trustee shall cancel, by
notice to the Company, any demand for payment of the Note made by the
Trustee pursuant to this Section 902.

     Section 903.   Other Remedies.

     If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee, before
or after the principal of the Bonds becomes immediately due and payable,
may enforce each and every right granted to it as the owner of the Note and
under the Loan Agreement and any supplements or amendments thereto.  In
exercising such rights and the rights given the Trustee under this
Article IX, the Trustee shall take such action as, in the judgment of the
Trustee applying the standards described in Section 1001 hereof, would best
serve the interests of the Bondholders.

     Section 904.   Legal Proceedings by the Trustee.

     (a)  If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee in its discretion may, and upon the written request of the Credit
Facility Issuer or the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds and receipt of
indemnity to its satisfaction shall, in its own name:

          (1)  By mandamus, or other suit, action or proceeding at law or
     in equity, enforce all rights of the Bondholders hereunder;

          (2)  Bring suit upon the Bonds, the Credit Facility (but only to
     the extent the Credit Facility Issuer shall have wrongfully dishonored
     drawings made in strict conformity with the terms hereof) and the
     Note; and

          (3)  By action or suit in equity seek to enjoin any acts or
     things which may be unlawful or in violation of the rights of the
     Bondholders.

     (b)  If an Event of Default under Section 901(c) occurs and is
continuing, the Trustee in its discretion may, and upon the written request
of the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in aggregate
principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds and receipt of indemnity to its
satisfaction shall, enforce each and every right granted to it under the
Loan Agreement or as owner of the Note.  

     Section 905.   Discontinuance of Proceedings by the Trustee.

     If any proceeding commenced by the Trustee on account of any Event of
Default is discontinued or is determined adversely to the Trustee, then the
Company, the Credit Facility Issuer, the Issuer, the Trustee and the
Bondholders shall be restored to their former positions and rights
hereunder as though no proceedings had been commenced.

     Section 906.   Credit Facility Issuer or Bondholders May Direct
                    Proceedings.

     Anything to the contrary in this Indenture notwithstanding, either the
Credit Facility Issuer if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no default
has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility), or a Majority of
the Bondholders, if there is no Credit Facility in effect, shall have the
right, after furnishing indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, to direct
the method and place of conducting all remedial proceedings by the Trustee
hereunder, provided that such direction shall not be in conflict with any
rule of law or with this Indenture or unduly prejudice the rights of
minority Bondholders.

     Section 907.   Limitations on Actions by the Bondholders.

     (a)  No Bondholder shall have any right to bring suit on the Credit
Facility.  No Bondholder shall have any right to pursue any other remedy
hereunder unless:

          (1)  the Trustee shall have been given written notice of an Event
     of Default;

          (2)  the owners of not less than twenty-five percent (25%) in
     aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Bonds shall have
     requested the Trustee, in writing, to exercise the powers hereinabove
     granted or to pursue such remedy in its or their name or names;

          (3)  the Trustee shall have been offered indemnity satisfactory
     to it against costs, expenses and liabilities, except that no offer of
     indemnification shall be required for a declaration of acceleration
     under Section 902 hereof or for a drawing under the Credit Facility; 

          (4)  the Trustee shall have failed to comply with such request
     within a reasonable time; and 

          (5)  prior to the Conversion Date, the Credit Facility Issuer has
     failed to honor a proper draw request under the Credit Facility.

     (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of subsection (a) of
this Section 907 or any other provision of this Indenture, the obligation
of the Issuer shall be absolute and unconditional to pay hereunder, but
solely from the Revenues and other funds pledged under this Indenture, the
principal or redemption price of, and interest on, the Bonds to the
respective owners thereof on the respective due dates thereof, and nothing
herein shall affect or impair the right of action, which is absolute and
unconditional, of such owners to enforce such payment.

     Section 908.   Trustee May Enforce Rights Without Possession of the
                    Bonds.

     All rights under this Indenture and the Bonds may be enforced by the
Trustee without the possession of any Bonds or the production thereof at
the trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any proceedings
instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its name for the ratable
benefit of the owners of the Bonds.

     Section 909.   Remedies Not Exclusive.

     No remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other
remedy or remedies, and each remedy is in addition to every other remedy
given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by
statute.

     Section 910.   Delays and Omissions Not to Impair Rights.

     No delays or omission in respect of exercising any right or power
accruing upon any default shall impair such right or power or be a waiver
of such default, and every remedy given by this Article IX may be exercised
from time to time and as often as may be deemed expedient.

     Section 911.   Application of Moneys in the Event of Default.

     (a)  Any moneys received by the Trustee under this Article IX shall be
applied in the following order; provided that any moneys received by the
Trustee from a drawing under the Credit Facility shall be applied to the
extent permitted by the terms thereof only as provided in paragraph (3)
below with respect to the principal of, and interest accrued on, Bonds
other than Bonds held by or for the Company:

          (1)  To the payment of the reasonable costs of the Trustee,
     including counsel fees and any disbursements of the Trustee with
     interest thereon at the per annum rate equal to the "Prime" or "Base"
     rate of the Credit Facility Issuer and to the payment of reasonable
     costs and expenses of the Issuer, including counsel fees, incurred in
     connection with the Event of Default; and

          (2)  To the payment of principal or redemption price (as the case
     may be) and interest on the Bonds, and in case such moneys shall be
     insufficient to pay the same in full, then to payment of principal or
     redemption price and interest ratably, without preference or priority
     of one over another or of any installment of interest over any other
     installment of interest.

     (b)  The surplus, if any, shall be paid to the Company or the person
lawfully entitled to receive the same as a court of competent jurisdiction
may direct; provided that, if the Trustee has received payments on the
Credit Facility following the Event of Default, the surplus shall be paid
to the Credit Facility Issuer to the extent of such payments to the extent
the Credit Facility Issuer has not been reimbursed for such payments and
its fees and expenses related thereto.

     Section 912.   Trustee and Bondholders Entitled to All Remedies Under
                    the Act.

     It is the purpose of this Article IX to provide such remedies to the
Trustee and the Bondholders as may be lawfully granted under the provisions
of the Act, but should any remedy herein granted be held unlawful, the
Trustee and the Bondholders shall nevertheless be entitled to every remedy
provided by the Act.  It is further intended that, insofar as lawfully
possible, the provisions of this Article shall apply to and be binding upon
any trustee or receiver appointed under applicable law.

     Section 913.   Trustee May File Claim in Bankruptcy.

     (a)  In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
composition or other similar judicial proceeding relating to the Issuer,
the Company or any other obligor upon the Loan Agreement or the Bonds or to
property of the Issuer, the Company, or such other obligor or the creditors
of any of them, the Trustee (irrespective of whether the principal of the
Bonds shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration
or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any
demand on the Company for the payment on the Note of an amount equal to
overdue principal or interest or additional interest) shall be entitled and
empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise;

          (1)  to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of principal
     and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Bonds and to file such
     other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to
     have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable
     compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
     agents and counsel) and of the Bondholders allowed in such judicial
     proceeding; and

          (2)  to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable
     or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator (or other
similar official) in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
the Bondholders to make such payments to the Trustee, and in the event that
the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the
Bondholders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its
agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 911
hereof.

     (b)  Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee
to authorize or consent to or accept, or adopt on behalf of the
Bondholders, any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or
composition affecting the Bonds or the rights of any Bondholder thereof, or
to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of the Bondholders
in any such proceeding.

     (c)  All moneys received by the Trustee pursuant to any right given or
action taken under this Indenture shall, after payment of the costs and
expenses of the proceedings resulting in the collection of such moneys and
the fees and expenses of the Trustee, be deposited in the Bond Fund and
applied to the payment of the principal of, redemption premium, if any, and
interest then due and unpaid on the Bonds in accordance with the provisions
of this Indenture.

     Section 914.   Receiver.

     Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and upon the filing of a
suit or other commencement of judicial proceedings to enforce the rights of
the Trustee and of the Bondholders under this Indenture, the Trustee shall
be entitled, as a matter of right, to the appointment of a receiver or
receivers of the amounts payable on the Note or otherwise under the Loan
Agreement and assigned to the Trustee under this Indenture pending such
proceedings, with such powers as the court making such appointment shall
confer, whether or not any such amounts payable shall be deemed sufficient
ultimately to satisfy the Bonds.


                                 ARTICLE X

                          CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE

     Section 1001.  Acceptance of the Trusts.

     The Trustee hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer (for the
benefit of the Company and the Bondholders as well as the Issuer) that it
is a national banking association and that it is duly authorized under the
laws of the United States of America to accept and execute trusts of the
character herein set out.

     The Trustee accepts and agrees to execute the trusts imposed upon it
by this Indenture, but only upon the terms and conditions set forth in this
Article and subject to the provisions of this Indenture including the
following express terms and conditions, to all of which the parties hereto
and the Bondholders agree:

     (a)  Except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee
undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically
set forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants or obligations shall
be read into this Indenture against the Trustee.

     (b)  In case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the
Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this
Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as
a prudent man would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct
of his own affairs.

     (c)  The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereof and
perform any of its duties by or through attorneys, agents, receivers or
employees and it shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence
of any such attorney, agent or receiver appointed by it upon due care, and
shall be entitled to act upon the opinion or advice of its counsel
concerning all matters of trust hereof and the duties hereunder, and may in
all cases be reimbursed hereunder for reasonable compensation paid to all
such attorneys, agents, receivers and employees as may reasonably be
employed in connection with the trust hereof.  The Trustee may conclusively
rely upon an opinion of counsel and shall not be responsible for any loss
or damage resulting from any action or non-action by it taken or omitted to
be taken in good faith in reliance upon such opinion of counsel.

     (d)  Except as is specifically provided in Section 1019 with respect
to the filing of continuation statements, the Trustee shall not be
responsible for any recital herein, or in the Bonds (except in respect to
the authentication certificate of the Trustee endorsed on the Bonds), or
for insuring the Trust Estate or any part of the Project or collecting any
insurance moneys, or for the validity of the execution hereof by the Issuer
or of any supplements hereto or instruments of further assurance, or for
the sufficiency of the security for the Bonds; and the Trustee shall not be
bound to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any
agreements or conditions on the part of the Issuer or on the part of the
Company under the Loan Agreement, except as hereinafter set forth; but the
Trustee may require of the Issuer or the Company full information and
advice as to the performance of the agreements and conditions aforesaid and
as to the condition of the Trust Estate.

     (e)  The Trustee shall not be liable in connection with the
performance or non-performance of its duties under this Indenture except
for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to
act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:

          (1)  this subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect
     of subsection (a) of this Section 1001;

          (2)  The Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment
     made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee
     unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in
     ascertaining the pertinent facts; and

          (3)  The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action
     taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with
     the direction of a Majority of the Bondholders relating to the time,
     method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available
     to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the
     Trustee under this Indenture.

     (f)  Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of
this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee, including without
limitation Sections 1003 and 1004 hereof, shall be subject to the
provisions of this Section 1001.

     Section 1002.  Trustee to Give Notice.

     (a)  The Trustee shall not be required to take notice or be deemed to
have notice of any default hereunder, except failure by the Issuer to cause
to be made any of the payments to the Trustee required to be made by
Article V or failure by the Issuer or the Company to file with the Trustee
any document required by this Indenture or the Loan Agreement to be so
filed, unless the Trustee shall be notified of such default by the Issuer
or by the holders of 25% in aggregate principal amount of Bonds then
Outstanding or unless a responsible corporate trust officer of the Trustee
charged with the responsibility for the management of the trusts conferred
by this Indenture shall have actual knowledge of such default.  

     (b)  If a responsible trust officer of the Trustee charged with the
responsibility for the management of the trusts conferred by this Indenture
shall have actual knowledge of any Event of Default continuing hereunder,
the Trustee shall give to all Bondholders and to the Credit Facility Issuer
written notice of all such defaults within thirty (30) days after receipt
of such information.  

     (c)  Promptly upon receipt of notice of the occurrence of a
Determination of Taxability, the Trustee shall give notice thereof to the
Company, the Issuer, the Bondholders and former Bondholders and to the
Credit Facility Issuer.

     Section 1003.  Trustee Entitled to Indemnity.

     (a)  The Company shall indemnify the Trustee its officers, directors
and employees against any loss, liability or expense incurred by it arising
out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of its duties
under this Indenture, except as set forth in subsection (b) below.  The
Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim for which it may
seek indemnity.  Except where the Company is the claimant, the Company
shall have full and sole right to defend the claim, and the Trustee shall
cooperate in the defense.  If the Trustee engages separate counsel, the
Trustee shall pay all fees and expenses of such counsel and the Company
shall no longer have the obligation to indemnify the Trustee; provided,
however that the Trustee shall have the right to retain separate counsel,
with the fees and expenses to be paid by the Company, if representation of
the Trustee would be inappropriate due to an actual conflict of interest,
as reasonably determined by either party, between the Trustee and the
Company.  The Company shall not be responsible for any settlement reached
without the Company's consent.

     (b)  The Company shall not be obligated to reimburse any expense or to
indemnify against any loss or liability incurred by the Trustee through its
gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.

     (c)  To secure the Company's payment obligations in this Section and
in Section 911, the Trustee shall have a lien prior to the lien of the
Trustee for the benefit of the owners of the Bonds on all money or property
held or collected by the Trustee, except for amounts drawn under the Credit
Facility and money and property held in the Rebate Fund, as to which the
Trustee shall have no such lien.  Such obligations shall survive the
satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

     (d)  When the Trustee or Issuer incurs expenses or renders services
after an Event of Default, the expenses and compensation for the services
are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable
bankruptcy law.

     (e)  The Trustee may begin suit, or appear in and defend suit, or do
anything else in its judgment proper to be done by it as such Trustee,
without indemnity under paragraph (a) above, and in such case the Issuer
shall reimburse the Trustee and the Issuer, on an equal basis, from funds
available therefor under the Loan Agreement for all costs and expenses,
outlays and counsel fees and other reasonable disbursements properly
incurred in connection therewith; provided, however, that the Trustee
shall:

          (1)  make all payments hereunder of principal and redemption
     price of and interest on the Bonds and of the purchase price of Bonds
     tendered at the option of the owners thereof or purchased by the
     Company in lieu of redemption,

          (2)  accelerate the Bonds when required to do so hereunder other
     than at the direction of the Bondholders, and

          (3)  draw on the Credit Facility when required to do so
     hereunder,

each without the necessity of the Bondholders providing security or
indemnity to the Trustee.  If the Issuer shall fail to make reimbursement,
the Trustee may reimburse itself from any moneys in its possession under
the provisions of this Indenture other than moneys drawn under the Credit
Facility and shall be entitled with respect thereto to a preference over
the Bonds.

     Section 1004.  Trustee Not Responsible for Insurance, Taxes, Execution
                    of this Indenture, Acts of the Issuer or Application of
                    the Moneys Applied in Accordance with this Indenture.

     (a)  The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to effect or
maintain insurance or to renew any policies of insurance or to inquire as
to the sufficiency of any policies of insurance carried by the Company, or
to report, or make or file claims or proof of loss for, any loss or damage
insured against or which may occur, or to keep itself informed or advised
as to the payment of any taxes or assessments, or to require any such
payment to be made.  The Trustee shall have no responsibility in respect of
the validity, sufficiency, due execution or acknowledgment of this
Indenture or any supplements thereto or instruments of further assurance or
the validity or sufficiency of the security provided hereunder or in
respect of the validity of the Bonds or the due execution or issuance
thereof.  The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to see that any
duties herein imposed upon any party other than itself, or any covenants
herein contained on the part of any party other than itself to be
performed, shall be done or performed, and the Trustee shall be under no
liability for failure to see that any such duties or covenants are so done
or performed.

     (b)  The Trustee shall not be liable or responsible because of the
failure of the Issuer or of any of its employees or agents to make any
collections or deposits or to perform any act herein required of the Issuer
or because of the loss of any moneys arising through the insolvency or the
act or default or omission of any other depositary in which such moneys
shall have been deposited under the provisions of this Indenture.  The
Trustee shall not be responsible for the application of any of the proceeds
of the Bonds or any other moneys deposited with it and paid out, withdrawn
or transferred hereunder if such application, payment, withdrawal or
transfer shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture. 
The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any loss suffered in
connection with any investment of funds made by it in accordance with
Section 602.  

     (c)  The permissive right of the Trustee to do things enumerated in
this Indenture shall not be construed as a duty, and the Trustee shall not
be answerable for other than its gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
The immunities and exemptions from liability of the Trustee hereunder shall
extend to its directors, officers, employees and agents.

     Section 1005.  Compensation.

     Subject to the provisions of any agreement relating to the
compensation of the Trustee, the Issuer shall cause the Company to pay to
the Trustee as Administrative Expenses its reasonable fees, charges and
out-of-pocket expenses in accordance with Section 7.5 of the Loan
Agreement.  In computing the Trustee's compensation, the parties shall not
be limited by any law on the compensation of an express trust.  If the
Company shall fail to make any payment required by this Section 1005, the
Trustee may, but shall be under no obligation to, make such payment from
any moneys in its possession under the provisions of this Indenture and
shall be entitled to a preference therefor over the Bonds hereunder;
provided that no payments under this Section 1005 shall be made with moneys
drawn under the Credit Facility.

     Section 1006.  Trustee to Preserve Records.

     All records and files pertaining to the Project in the custody of the
Trustee shall be open at all reasonable times to the inspection of the
Issuer, the Credit Facility Issuer and the Company and their agents and
representatives.

     Section 1007.  Trustee May Be a Bondholder.

     The institution acting as Trustee under this Indenture, and its
directors, officers, employees or agents, may in good faith buy, sell, own,
hold and deal in the Bonds issued under and secured by this Indenture, and
may join in the capacity of a Bondholder in any action which any Bondholder
may be entitled to take with like effect as if such institution were not
the Trustee under this Indenture.  To the extent permitted by law, such
institution may also receive tenders and purchase in good faith Bonds from
itself, including any department, affiliate or subsidiary, with like effect
as if it were not the Trustee.

     Section 1008.  Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals.

     The recitals, statements and representations contained herein and in
the Bonds shall be taken and construed as made by and on the part of the
Issuer and not by the Trustee, and the Trustee shall not be under any
responsibility for the correctness of the same.

     Section 1009.  No Trustee Responsibility for Recording or Filing.

     The Trustee shall not be under any obligation to see to the recording
or filing of this Indenture, the Loan Agreement, any financing statements
or any other instrument or otherwise to the giving to any person of notice
of the provisions hereof or thereof.

     Section 1010.  Trustee May Require Information.

     Except for the obligations of the Trustee under Section 902 and the
obligations of the Trustee to make payments on the Bonds when due and to
draw under the Credit Facility as required hereunder, anything contained in
this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall have the
right, but shall not be required, to demand, as a condition of any action
by the Trustee in respect of the authentication of any Bonds, the
withdrawal of any cash, the release of any property, or any action
whatsoever within the purview of this Indenture, any showings,
certificates, opinions, appraisals or other information, or evidence of
corporate authority, in addition to that required by the terms hereof.

     Section 1011.  Trustee May Rely on Certificates.

     The Trustee shall be protected and shall incur no liability in acting
or proceeding, or in not acting or not proceeding, in good faith and in
accordance with the terms of this Indenture, upon any ordinance,
resolution, order, notice, request, consent, waiver, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, affidavit, requisition, bond or other paper
or document which it shall in good faith believe to be genuine and to have
been adopted or signed by the proper board or person or to have been
prepared and furnished pursuant to any of the provisions of the Loan
Agreement or this Indenture, or upon the written opinion of any attorney,
engineer, accountant or other expert believed by it to be qualified in
relation to the subject matter, and the Trustee shall not be under any duty
to make any investigation or inquiry as to any statements contained or
matters referred to in any such instrument.  Any action taken by the
Trustee pursuant to this Indenture upon the request or authority or consent
of any person who at the time of making such request or giving such
authority or consent is the owner of any Bond shall be conclusive and
binding upon all future owners of the same Bond and upon Bonds issued in
exchange therefor or in place thereof.

     Section 1012.  Trustee Bond.

     The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in
respect to the execution of its rights and obligations hereunder.

     Section 1013.  Segregation of Funds; Interests:

     All moneys received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied or
invested as herein provided, be held in trust in the manner and for the
purposes for which they were received but need not be segregated from other
funds except to the extent required by this Indenture or law.  The Trustee
shall not be under any liability for interest on any moneys received
hereunder.

     Section 1014.  Qualification of the Trustee.

     There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be an
association or a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of
the United States of America or of any state, authorized under such laws
and the applicable laws of the State to exercise corporate trust powers and
act as Bond Registrar hereunder, having a combined capital and surplus of
at least One Hundred Million Dollars ($100,000,000), and subject to
supervision or examination by federal or state authority.  If such
association or corporation is not a commercial bank or trust company, it
shall also have a rating by Moody's (if the Bonds are then rated by
Moody's) of BAA 3/P3 or higher, or by S&P (if the Bonds are then rated by
S&P) of Baa/A3 or higher or shall otherwise be approved in writing by
Moody's or S&P, as the case may be.  If such association or corporation
publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the
requirements of the aforesaid supervising or examining authority, then for
the purposes of this Section 1014, the combined capital and surplus of such
association or corporation shall be deemed to be its combined capital and
surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. 
If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with
the provisions of this Section 1014, it shall resign immediately in the
manner and with the effect specified in Section 1015 hereof.

     Section 1015.  Resignation and Removal of the Trustee.

     (a)  No resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a
successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the
acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee under Section 1016
hereof.

     (b)  The Trustee may resign at any time by giving written notice
thereof to the Issuer and the Company.  If an instrument of acceptance by a
successor Trustee shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within
thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the
retiring Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
appointment of a successor Trustee.

     (c)  The Trustee may be removed at any time by an instrument or
instruments in writing to the Trustee, with copies to the Issuer and the
Company, signed by a Majority of the Bondholders or by their attorneys,
legal representatives or agents and delivered to the Trustee, the Issuer
and the Company (such instruments to be effective only when received by the
Trustee).

     (d)  If at any time:

          (1)  the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 1014
     hereof, and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the
     Company or by a Majority of the Bondholders, or

          (2)  the Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be
     adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of
     its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take
     charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the
     purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such case, the Issuer or the Company may remove the Trustee,
or any Bondholder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the
removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor.

     (e)  If the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of
acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
the Issuer with the approval of the Company shall promptly appoint a
successor.   If no successor Trustee shall have been so appointed by the
Issuer and approved by the Company or a Majority of the Bondholders and
accepted appointment in the manner hereinafter provided, any Bondholder, if
he has been a bona fide owner of a Bond for at least six (6) months, may
petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a
successor Trustee.

     (f)  The Issuer shall give notice of each resignation and each removal
of the Trustee and each appointment of a successor Trustee by mailing
written notice of such event by first-class mail, postage prepaid, to each
Bondholder.  Each notice shall include the name and address of the
principal corporate trust office of the successor Trustee.

     Section 1016.  Successor Trustee.

     (a)  Every successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to its predecessor, and also to the Issuer and the
Company, an instrument in writing accepting such appointment hereunder, and
thereupon and upon transfer of the Credit Facility to the successor Trustee
such successor Trustee without any further act, shall become fully vested
with all the rights, immunities, powers and trusts, and subject to all the
duties and obligations, of its predecessors; but such predecessor shall,
nevertheless, on the written request of its successor or of the Issuer and
upon payment of the expenses, charges and other disbursements of such
predecessor which are payable pursuant to the provisions of Section 1005
hereof, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor
Trustee all the rights, immunities, powers and trusts of such predecessor
hereunder; and every predecessor Trustee shall deliver all property and
moneys held by it hereunder to its successor, subject, nevertheless, to its
preference, if any, provided for in Sections 1003 and 1005 hereof.  Should
any instrument in writing from the Issuer be required by any successor
Trustee for more fully and certainly vesting in such Trustee the rights,
immunities, powers and trusts hereby vested or intended to be vested in the
predecessor Trustee, any such instrument in writing shall and will, on
request, be executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer.  The
resignation of any Trustee and the instrument or instruments removing any
Trustee and appointing a successor hereunder, together with all other
instruments provided for in this Article, shall be filed and/or recorded by
the successor Trustee in each recording office where this Indenture and the
Financing Statements have been filed and/or recorded.  

     (b)  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Article,
any bank or trust company having power to perform the duties and execute
the trusts of this Indenture and otherwise qualified to act as Trustee
hereunder with or into which the bank or trust company acting as Trustee
may be merged or consolidated, or to which the assets and business of such
bank or trust company may be sold, shall be deemed the successor of the
Trustee.

     Section 1017.  Co-Trustee.

     It is the purpose of this Indenture that there shall be no violation
of any law of any jurisdiction denying or restricting the right of certain
banking corporations or associations to transact business as trustee as
contemplated herein in such jurisdiction.  It is recognized that in case of
litigation under this Indenture and in particular in case of the
enforcement of the security interest contained in this Indenture upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default, it may be necessary that the Trustee
appoint an additional individual or institution as a separate Trustee or
Co-Trustee, which shall be satisfactory to the Company.  The following
provisions of this Section 1017 are adapted to these ends:

     (a)  In the event of the incapacity or lack of authority of the
Trustee by reason of any present or future law of any jurisdiction to
exercise any of the rights, powers and trusts herein granted to the Trustee
or to hold title to or a security interest in the Trust Estate or to take
any other action which may be necessary or desirable in connection
therewith, each and every remedy, power, right, claim, demand, cause of
action, immunity, estate, title, interest and lien expressed or intended by
this Indenture to be exercised by or vested in or conveyed to the Trustee
with respect thereto shall be exercisable by and vest in such separate
Trustee or Co-Trustee but only to the extent necessary to enable the
separate Trustee or Co-Trustee to exercise such rights, powers and trusts,
and every covenant and obligation necessary to the exercise thereof shall
run to and be enforceable by such separate Trustee or Co-Trustee.

     (b)  Should any deed, conveyance or instrument in writing from the
Issuer be required by the separate Trustee or Co-Trustee so appointed by
the Trustee in order to more fully and certainly vest in and confirm to it
such properties, rights, powers, trusts, duties and obligations any and all
such deeds, conveyances and instruments shall, on request, be executed,
acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer.  In case any separate Trustee or
Co-Trustee or a successor to either, shall die, be dissolved, become
incapable of action, resign or be removed, all the estates, properties,
rights, powers, trusts, duties and obligations of such separate Trustee or
Co-Trustee, so far as permitted by law, shall vest in and be exercised by
the Trustee until the appointment of a new Trustee or successor to such
separate Trustee or Co-Trustee.

     Section 1018.  Notice to Moody's or S&P.

     At any time during which the Bonds are rated by Moody's or S&P, the
Trustee shall notify Moody's or S&P, as applicable, promptly of:

     (a)  any change in the Trustee,

     (b)  the expiration or termination of the Credit Facility during the
Variable Rate Period unless an Alternate Credit Facility is provided to the
Trustee in accordance with the terms of this Indenture,

     (c)  a change in the interest rate borne by the Bonds from a Variable
Rate to a Fixed Rate,

     (d)  the payment of all of the Bonds, or

     (e)  any material change to this Indenture, the Loan Agreement, the
Reimbursement Agreement, the Credit Facility or the Remarketing Agreement.

     Section 1019.  Filing of Certain Continuation Statements.

     From time to time, the Trustee shall file or cause to be filed
continuation statements for the purpose of continuing without lapse the
effectiveness of (i) those Financing Statements which shall have been filed
at or prior to the issuance of the Bonds in connection with the Issuer's
assignment to the Trustee of the Trust Estate pursuant to the authority of
the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of Florida, and (ii) any
previously filed continuation statements which shall have been filed as
herein required.  The Issuer and the Company shall sign and deliver to the
Trustee or its designee such continuation statements as may be requested of
it from time to time by the Trustee.  Upon the filing of any such
continuation statement the Trustee shall immediately notify the Issuer that
the same has been accomplished.


                                ARTICLE XI

                EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS BY THE BONDHOLDERS
                    AND PROOF OF OWNERSHIP OF THE BONDS

     Section 1101.  Execution of Instruments by the Bondholders and Proof
                    of Ownership of the Bonds.

     (a)  Any request, direction, consent or other instrument in writing
required or permitted by this Indenture to be signed or executed by a
Bondholder may be signed or executed by the Bondholder or its attorneys or
legal representatives.  Proof of the execution of any such instrument and
of the ownership of the Bonds shall be sufficient for any purpose of this
Indenture and shall be conclusive in favor of the Trustee with regard to
any action taken by it under such instrument if made in the following
manner:

          The fact and date of the execution by any person of any such
     instrument may be proved by the verification of any officer in any
     jurisdiction who, by the laws thereof, has power to take affidavits
     within such jurisdiction, to the effect that such instrument was
     subscribed and sworn to before him, or by an affidavit of a witness to
     such execution, and where such execution is by an officer of a
     corporation or association or a member of a partnership on behalf of
     such corporation, association or partnership, such verification or
     affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority.

     (b)  Nothing contained in this Section 1101 shall be construed as
limiting the Trustee to such proof, it being intended that the Trustee may
accept any other evidence of the matters herein stated which may be
sufficient.  Any request or consent of a Bondholder shall bind every future
owner of the Bond(s) to which such request or consent pertains or any
Bond(s) issued in lieu thereof in respect of anything done by the Trustee
pursuant to such request or consent.

     (c)  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions of this Section
1101, the Trustee shall not be required to recognize any person as an owner
of Bonds or to take any action at its request unless the Bonds shall be
deposited with it.

     Section 1102.  Preservation of Information.

     The Trustee shall preserve in the Bond Register, in as current a form
as is reasonably practicable, the name and address of each Bondholder
received by the Trustee in its capacity as Bond Registrar.


                                ARTICLE XII

                        THE REMARKETING AGENT; THE
                     TENDER AGENT; THE PLACEMENT AGENT

     Section 1201.  The Remarketing Agent.

     (a)  The Issuer hereby appoints First Union National Bank of North
Carolina, with its corporate office in Charlotte, North Carolina, as
Remarketing Agent under this Indenture.  The Remarketing Agent and any
successor Remarketing Agent, by written instrument delivered to the Issuer,
the Trustee and the Company, shall accept the duties and obligations
imposed on it under this Indenture and the Remarketing Agreement.

     (b)  In addition to the other obligations imposed on the Remarketing
Agent hereunder, the Remarketing Agent shall agree to keep such books and
records in connection with its activities as Remarketing Agent hereunder as
shall be consistent with prudent industry practice and make such books and
records available for inspection by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Credit
Facility Issuer and the Company at all reasonable times.

     (c)  The Remarketing Agent shall at all times be a member of the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and registered as a
Municipal Securities Dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or a national banking association or a bank or a trust company, in
each case authorized by law to perform its obligations hereunder.

     (d)  If at any time the Remarketing Agent is unable or unwilling to
act as Remarketing Agent, the Remarketing Agent, upon thirty (30) Business
Days' prior written notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Tender Agent and
the Company, may resign.  The Remarketing Agent may be removed at any time
by the Company with the consent of the Issuer, by written notice signed by
the Company delivered to the Trustee, the Remarketing Agent, the Credit
Facility Issuer and the Tender Agent.  Upon resignation or removal of the
Remarketing Agent, the Company, with the consent of the Issuer, shall
appoint a substitute Remarketing Agent meeting the qualifications of
Section 1201(c) above.

     (e)  In the event that the Company shall fail to appoint a successor
Remarketing Agent, upon the resignation or removal of the Remarketing Agent
or upon its dissolution, insolvency or bankruptcy, the Trustee may, but is
not required to, appoint a Remarketing Agent or itself act as Remarketing
Agent until the appointment of a successor Remarketing Agent in accordance
with this Section 1201; provided, however, that the Trustee, in its
capacity as Remarketing Agent, shall not be required to sell Bonds or
determine the interest rate on the Bonds pursuant to Section 202 hereof.

     Section 1202.  The Tender Agent.

     (a)  The Issuer hereby appoints as Tender Agent under this Indenture
The First National Bank of Boston, which agent has a corporate trust office
at Canton, Massachusetts.  The Tender Agent and any successor Tender Agent,
by written instrument delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Company,
shall accept the duties and obligations imposed on it under this Indenture.

     (b)  The Tender Agent shall at all times be a member of the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. having a capitalization of at least
Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) and a rating by Moody's (if the Bonds
are then rated by Moody's) of BAA 3/P3 or higher, or a national banking
association or a bank or a trust company having capital and surplus of at
least $50,000,000, in each case authorized by law to perform its
obligations hereunder.

     (c)  If at any time the Tender Agent is unable or unwilling to act as
Tender Agent, the Tender Agent, upon sixty (60) days' prior written notice
to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Remarketing Agent and the Company, may
resign; provided, however, that in no case shall such resignation become
effective until the appointment of a successor Tender Agent.  The Tender
Agent may be removed at any time by the Company with the consent of the
Issuer, by written notice signed by the Company delivered to the Trustee,
the Remarketing Agent, the Credit Facility Issuer and the Tender Agent;
provided, however, that in no case shall such removal become effective
until the appointment of a successor Tender Agent.  Upon resignation or
removal of the Tender Agent, the Company, with the consent of the Issuer,
shall appoint a substitute Tender Agent meeting the qualifications of
Section 1202(b) above.

     (d)  In the event that the Company shall fail to appoint a successor
Tender Agent, upon the resignation or removal of the Tender Agent or upon
its dissolution, insolvency or bankruptcy, the Trustee may at its
discretion, but is not required to, act as Tender Agent until the
appointment of a successor Tender Agent in accordance with this Section
1202.

     Section 1203.  The Placement Agent.

     The Placement Agent shall be a member of the National Association of
Securities Dealers, Inc. and registered as a Municipal Securities Dealer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or a national
banking association or a bank or trust company, in each case authorized by
law to perform its obligations described in Section 202(e) hereof.

     Section 1204.  Notices.

     The Trustee shall, within thirty (30) days of the resignation or
removal of the Remarketing Agent or the Tender Agent or the appointment of
the Placement Agent or a successor Remarketing Agent or Tender Agent, give
notice thereof by first class mail, postage prepaid, to the owners of the
Bonds.


                               ARTICLE XIII

                        AMENDMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTS

     Section 1301.  Amendments and Supplements Without the Bondholders'
                    Consent.

     This Indenture may be amended or supplemented at any time and from
time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, but with the consent
of the Credit Facility Issuer, if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no
default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility), by a
supplemental indenture authorized by the Issuer filed with the Trustee, for
one or more of the following purposes:

     (a)  to add additional covenants of the Issuer or to surrender any
right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer;

     (b)  for any purpose not inconsistent with the terms of this Indenture
or to cure any ambiguity or to correct or supplement any provision
contained herein or in any supplemental indenture which may be defective or
inconsistent with any other provision contained herein or in any
supplemental indenture, or to make such other provisions in regard to
matters or questions arising under this Indenture which shall not adversely
affect the interests of the owners of the Bonds or the Company;

     (c)  to permit the Bonds to be converted during the Variable Rate
Period to certificateless securities or securities represented by a master
certificate held in trust, ownership of which, in either case, is evidenced
by book entries on the books of the Bond Registrar, for any period of time;

     (d)  to permit the appointment of a Co-Trustee under this Indenture;

     (e)  to modify, eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture
to such extent as shall be necessary to effect the qualification of this
Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, or under any similar
federal statute hereafter enacted, and to add to this Indenture such other
provisions as may be expressly permitted by the Trust Indenture Act of
1939;

     (e)  except as otherwise provided in Section 1302 hereof, to modify,
eliminate or add to the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as
shall be necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P;

     (f)  to amend the administrative provisions hereof to accommodate the
provisions of an Alternate Credit Facility; and

     (g)  to amend the provisions hereof to reflect the obligation of the
Trustee, the Issuer or the Company to disclose information regarding the
Bonds, the Project, the Issuer, the Company or the issuer of the Letter of
Credit as shall be required or recommended to be disclosed in accordance
with applicable regulations or guidelines established by, among others, the
American Bankers Association Corporate Trust Committee.

     Section 1302.  Amendments With the Bondholders' and the Credit
                    Facility Issuer's Consent.

     (a)  This Indenture may be amended from time to time, except with
respect to:

          (1)  the principal, redemption price, purchase price, or
     interest payable upon any Bonds,

          (2)  the Interest Payment Dates, the dates of maturity or the
     redemption or purchase provisions of any Bonds, and

          (3)  this Article XIII,

by a supplemental indenture consented to by the Credit Facility Issuer if a
Credit Facility is in effect (and no default has occurred and is continuing
under the Credit Facility) and by the Company and approved by a Majority of
the Bondholders which would be affected by the action proposed to be taken.


     (b)  This Indenture may be amended with respect to the matters
enumerated in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) of this Section
with the unanimous consent of all Bondholders, the Credit Facility Issuer
if a Credit Facility is in effect (and there is no default has occurred and
is continuing under the Credit Facility), the Company and the Issuer.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer and the Trustee and, during
the Variable Rate Period, the Credit Facility Issuer if the Credit Facility
is in effect (and no default has occurred and is continuing under the
Credit Facility), may amend the Indenture to such extent as may be
necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P without
providing the opinion of Bond Counsel specified in paragraph (2) above.

     Section 1303.  Supplemental Indentures Affecting the Rights of the
                    Credit Facility Issuer.

     Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, a supplemental
indenture under this Article XIII which in the judgment of the Credit
Facility Issuer if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no default has
occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility) adversely affects the
rights of the Credit Facility Issuer shall not become effective unless or
until the Credit Facility Issuer shall have consented to the execution and
delivery thereof.

     Section 1304.  Amendment of the Loan Agreement.

     (a)  The Company, the Trustee and, during the Variable Rate Period,
the Credit Facility Issuer if a Credit Facility is in effect (and no
default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Facility), may
amend the Loan Agreement; provided that prior to making any amendment, the
Company shall provide the Trustee and the Credit Facility Issuer with:

          (1)  a copy of the proposed amendment and

          (2)  an opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that such
     amendment or supplement will not adversely affect the exclusion of the
     interest on the Bonds from the gross income of the recipients thereof
     for federal income tax purposes and unless the Trustee shall have
     otherwise given its consent to such amendment or supplement, to the
     further effect that such amendment or supplement will not otherwise
     adversely affect the interests of the Bondholders.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer, the Company, the Trustee, and,
during the Variable Rate Period, the Credit Facility Issuer if a Credit
Facility is in effect (and no default has occurred and is continuing under
the Credit Facility), may amend the Loan Agreement to such extent as may be
necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P without
providing the opinion of Bond Counsel specified in paragraph (2) above.

     (b)  If the Company proposes to amend the Loan Agreement in such a
manner as would adversely affect the interests of the Bondholders, the
Trustee shall notify Bondholders of the proposed amendment and may consent
thereto with the consent of at least a Majority of the Bondholders which
would be affected by the action proposed to be taken; provided, that the
Trustee shall not, without the unanimous consent of the owners of all Bonds
then Outstanding, consent to any amendment which would:

          (1)  decrease the amounts payable on the Note,

          (2)  change the due date of principal of or interest on the Note
     or change any of the prepayment provisions of the Note, or

          (3)  change Section 5.3 of the Loan Agreement.

     Section 1305.  Amendment of the Loan Agreement Requiring the Consent
                    of the Credit Facility Issuer.

     Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, any amendment, change
or modification of the Loan Agreement which in the judgment of the Credit
Facility Issuer affects the rights of the Credit Facility Issuer shall not
become effective unless or until the Credit Facility Issuer shall have
consented to the execution and delivery of such amendment, change or
modification.

     Section 1306.  Amendment of the Credit Facility.

     The initial Credit Facility may be amended to such extent as shall be
necessary to obtain a rating of the Bonds from Moody's or S&P provided that
such amendment or supplement will not adversely affect the interests of the
Bondholders.  The Trustee shall notify the Bondholders and the Issuer of
any proposed amendment of the Credit Facility which would adversely affect
the interests of the Bondholders and may consent thereto with the consent
of the Issuer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and at
least a Majority of the Bondholders which would be affected by the action
proposed to be taken; provided, that the Trustee shall not, without the
unanimous consent of the owners of all Bonds then Outstanding, consent to
any amendment which would decrease the amount payable under the Credit
Facility or reduce the term of the Credit Facility.

     Section 1307.  Trustee Authorized to Join in Amendments and
                    Supplements; Reliance on Counsel.

     The Trustee is authorized to join with the Issuer in the execution and
delivery of any supplemental indenture or amendment permitted by this
Article XIII and in so doing shall be fully protected by an opinion of
Counsel that such supplemental indenture or amendment is so permitted and
has been duly authorized by the Issuer and that all things necessary to
make it a valid and binding agreement have been done; provided that certain
amendments may, by agreement between the Trustee and the Credit Facility
Issuer, require the prior consent of the Credit Facility Issuer.


                                ARTICLE XIV

                        DEFEASANCE; OTHER PAYMENTS

     Section 1401.  Defeasance.

     (a)  When the principal or redemption price (as the case may be) of,
and interest on all Bonds issued hereunder have been paid, including
without limitation the purchase price for Bonds tendered under Section 202
hereof, or provision has been made for payment of the same, together with
the compensation of the Trustee and all other sums payable hereunder by the
Issuer, the right, title and interest of the Trustee in and to the Trust
Estate and the security interests shall thereupon cease, and the Trustee,
on written demand of the Issuer, shall release this Indenture and the
security interests and shall execute such documents to evidence such
release as may be reasonably required by the Issuer and shall turn over to
the Company or to such person, body or authority as may be entitled to
receive the same all balances then held by it hereunder; provided, that, if
any payments have been received by the Trustee from the Credit Facility in
connection with such release, such balances shall be paid to the Credit
Facility Issuer to the extent of such payments.  If payment or provision
therefor is made with respect to less than all of the Bonds, the particular
Bonds (or portion thereof) for which provision for payment shall have been
considered made shall be selected by lot by the Trustee and thereupon the
Trustee shall take similar action for the release of this Indenture with
respect to such Bonds.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein, Bonds purchased at the option of the owners thereof with moneys
held by the Trustee pursuant to this Article XIV shall not be remarketed
but shall be cancelled by the Trustee.

     (b)  Provision for the payment of Bonds shall be deemed to have been
made when the Trustee holds in the Bond Fund, in trust and irrevocably set
aside exclusively for such payment, (1) moneys sufficient to make such
payment provided that if a Credit Facility is then held by the Trustee,
such moneys shall constitute Available Moneys or (2) noncallable
Governmental Obligations maturing as to principal and interest in such
amounts and at such times as will provide sufficient moneys without
reinvestment to make such payment; provided that the Trustee shall have
received an opinion of Bond Counsel to the effect that such deposit will
not affect the exclusion of the interest on any of the Bonds from the gross
income of the recipients thereof for federal income tax purposes (e.g. by
causing any of the Bonds to be classified as an "arbitrage bond" within the
meaning of Section 148 of the Code), and provided further, that if a Credit
Facility is then held by the Trustee, such Governmental Obligations shall
have been on deposit with the Trustee in a separate and segregated account
for a period of three hundred sixty-seven (367) days during and prior to
which no Event of Bankruptcy has occurred or which Governmental Obligations
were purchased with Available Moneys.

     (c)  No Bonds in respect of which a deposit under subsection (b) above
has been made shall be deemed paid within the meaning of this Article
unless the Trustee is satisfied that the amounts deposited are sufficient
to make all payments that might become due on the Bonds, including purchase
price payments for Bonds tendered at the option of the owners or purchased
by the Company in lieu of redemption, if any.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no delivery to the Trustee under this subsection (c) shall be
deemed a payment of any Bonds which are to be redeemed prior to their
stated maturity until such Bonds shall have been irrevocably called or
designated for redemption on a date thereafter on which such Bonds may be
redeemed in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture or the Issuer
shall have given the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee,
irrevocable instructions to give notice of redemption.  Neither the
obligations nor moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to this Section
shall be withdrawn or used for any purpose other than, and shall be
segregated and held in trust for, the payment of the principal of,
redemption price of, purchase price if applicable of, and interest on the
Bonds with respect to which such deposit has been made.  In the event that
such moneys or obligations are to be applied to the payment of principal or
redemption price of any Bonds more than sixty (60) days following the
deposit thereof with the Trustee, the Trustee shall mail a notice stating
that such moneys or obligations have been deposited and identifying the
Bonds for the payment of which such moneys or obligations are being held to
all owners of such Bonds at their addresses shown on the Bond Register.

     (d)  Anything in Article XIV to the contrary notwithstanding, if
moneys or Governmental Obligations have been deposited or set aside with
the Trustee pursuant to this Article for the payment of the principal or
redemption price, including purchase price if applicable, of the Bonds and
the interest thereon and the principal or redemption price, including
purchase price if applicable, of such Bonds and such moneys or Governmental
Obligations do not constitute Available Moneys, no amendment to the
provisions of this Article shall be made without the consent of the owner
of each of the Bonds affected thereby.

     (e)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, those provisions relating to the
purchase of Bonds upon the demand of any Bondholders, the maturity of
Bonds, interest payments and dates thereof, and the dates, premiums and
notice requirements for optional and mandatory redemption or purchase and
the Trustee's remedies with respect thereto, and provisions relating to
exchange, transfer and registration of Bonds, replacement of mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen Bonds, the safekeeping and cancellation of Bonds,
non-presentment of Bonds, the holding of moneys in trust and repayments to
the Company or the Credit Facility Issuer from the Bond Fund and the duties
of the Trustee in connection with all of the foregoing and the fees,
expenses and indemnities of the Trustee, shall remain in effect and shall
be binding upon the Trustee, the Issuer, the Company and the Bondholders
notwithstanding the release and discharge of the lien of this Indenture
until payment in full of all outstanding Bonds.

     Section 1402.  Deposit of Funds for Payment of the Bonds.

     If the principal or redemption price of any Bonds become due, either
at maturity or by call for redemption or otherwise, together with all
interest accruing thereon to the due date, has been paid or provision
therefor made in accordance with Section 1401 hereof, all interest on such
Bonds shall cease to accrue on the due date and all liability of the Issuer
with respect to such Bonds shall likewise cease, except as hereinafter
provided.  Thereafter the owners of such Bonds shall be restricted
exclusively to the funds so deposited for any claim of whatsoever nature
with respect to such Bonds, and the Trustee shall hold such funds in trust
for such owners.

     Section 1403.  Effect of Purchase of the Bonds.

     No purchase of Bonds pursuant to Section 303 hereof shall be deemed to
be a payment or redemption of such Bonds or any portion thereof and such
purchase will not operate to extinguish or discharge the indebtedness
evidenced by such Bonds.


                                ARTICLE XV

                         MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     Section 1501.  Covenants of the Issuer to Bind its Successors.

     In the event of the dissolution of the Issuer, all of the covenants,
stipulations, obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture by or
in behalf of or for the benefit of the Issuer shall bind or inure to the
benefit of the successor or successors of the Issuer from time to time and
any officer, board, commission, authority, agency or instrumentality to
whom or to which any power or duty affecting such covenants, stipulations,
obligations and agreements shall be transferred by or in accordance with
law, and the term "Issuer" as used in this Indenture shall include such
successor or successors.

     Section 1502.  Notices.

     (a)  Any notice, demand, direction, request or other instrument
authorized or required by this Indenture to be given or filed with the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Company or the Credit Facility Issuer shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given or filed for all purposes of this
Indenture when delivered by hand delivery or mailed by first class mail,
postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, addressed as follows:

     (1)  If to the Issuer, to:    Hillsborough County
                                   Industrial Development Authority
                                   c/o Thomas K. Morrison, Esq.
                                   Morrison, Morrison & Mills, D.A.
                                   Suite 100
                                   1200 West Platt Street
                                   Tampa, FL  33606

     (2)  If to the Company, to:   Leslie Controls, Inc.
                                   c/o Watts Industries, Inc.
                                   815 Chestnut Street
                                   North Andover, MA  01845
                                   (Attention:  William C. McCartney,
                                   Corporate Controller); and

          with a copy to:          John R. LeClaire, P.C.
                                   Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
                                   Exchange Place
                                   Boston, MA  02109

     (3)  If to the Trustee, to:   The First National Bank of Boston
                                   150 Royall Street, Mail Stop 45-02-15
                                   Canton, MA 02021
                                   Attention:  Corporate Trust Division

     (4)  If to the Credit Facility 
          Issuer, to:              First Union National Bank of North
                                   Carolina
                                   301 South College Street
                                   T-7
                                   Charlotte, NC 28288
                                   Attention: International Operations
                                   CORP-10.

and if sent by telegraph, telegram or telecopy, addressed as above, at the
time and date appearing on the report of delivery.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the delivery of Bonds or Optional Tender Notices to the Trustee
or Tender Agent if made by telegraph, telegram or telecopy, must be made by
delivery of the hard copy by overnight delivery on the date of delivery of
such telegraph, telegram or telecopy and shall not be effective until
actual receipt thereof by the Trustee or the Tender Agent, as the case may
be.  

     (b)  A duplicate copy of each notice or other communication given
hereunder by either the Issuer or Trustee to the other shall also be given
to the Company.

     (c)  All documents received by the Trustee under the provisions of
this Indenture, or photographic copies thereof, shall be retained in its
possession until this Indenture shall be released in accordance with the
provisions of the Indenture, subject at all reasonable times to the
inspection of the Issuer and the Bondholders and the agents and
representatives thereof.

     (d)  The Issuer, the Trustee, the Company and the Credit Facility
Issuer may, by notice given hereunder, designate any further or different
addresses to which subsequent notices, certificates or other communications
shall be sent.

     Section 1503.  Trustee as the Paying Agent and the Bond Registrar.

     The Trustee is hereby designated and agrees to act as payment agent
and Bond Registrar for and in respect of the Bonds and any amounts received
under the Credit Facility or the Loan Agreement.

     Section 1504.  Rights Under this Indenture.

     Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, nothing in this
Indenture expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer
upon any person, firm or corporation other than the parties hereto, the
Company and the owners of the Bonds issued under and secured by this
Indenture, any rights under this Indenture or any provisions hereof, this
Indenture and all its provisions being intended to be and being for the
sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto, the Company and the
owners from time to time of the Bonds issued hereunder.

     Section 1505.  Form of Certificates and Opinions.

     Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, any request, notice,
certificate or other instrument from the Issuer or the Company to the
Trustee shall be deemed to have been signed by the proper party or parties
if signed by the Issuer Representative or the Company Representative,
respectively, and the Trustee may accept and rely upon a certificate signed
by the Issuer Representative as to any action taken by the Issuer and by
the Company Representative as to any action taken by the Company.

     Section 1506.  Severability.

     In case any one or more of the provisions of this Indenture or of the
Bonds issued hereunder shall for any reason be held to be illegal or
invalid, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect any other
provisions of this Indenture or of the bonds, but this Indenture and the
Bonds shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid
provision had not been contained therein.  In case any covenant,
stipulation, obligation or agreement of the Issuer contained in this
Indenture or in the Bonds shall for any reason be held to be in violation
of law, then such covenant, stipulation, obligation or agreement of the
Issuer shall be enforced to the full extent permitted by law.

     Section 1507.  Covenants of the Issuer Not Covenants of Officials
                    Individually.

     All covenants, stipulations, obligations and agreements of the Issuer
contained in this Indenture shall be deemed to be covenants, stipulations,
obligations and agreements of the Issuer to the full extent permitted by
the Constitution and laws of the State.  No covenant, stipulation,
obligation or agreement contained herein shall be deemed to be a covenant,
stipulation, obligation or agreement of any present or future officer,
member, agent or employee of the Issuer in his individual capacity, and no
officer of the Issuer executing the Bonds shall be liable personally on the
Bonds or be subject to any personal liability or accountability by reason
of the issuance thereof.  No officer, agent or employee of the Issuer shall
incur any personal liability in acting or proceeding or in not acting or
not proceeding in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.

     Section 1508.  State Law Governs.

     This Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State.

     Section 1509.  Payments Due on Days Other Than Business Days.

     In any case where the date of maturity of interest on or principal of
the Bonds or the date fixed for redemption of the Bonds shall be in the
city of payment a day other than a Business Day, then payment of interest
or principal need not be made on such date but may be made on the next
succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the
date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, provided that interest
shall accrue for the period of any such extension.

<PAGE>

     Section 1510.  Execution in Counterparts.

     This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which
shall be regarded for all purposes as an original, and such counterparts
shall constitute but one and the same instrument, and no one counterpart of
which need be executed by all parties.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT
AUTHORITY has caused this Indenture to be executed in its name and on its
behalf by the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Issuer and to the same to be
attested by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Issuer; and the
Trustee has caused this Indenture to be executed in its name and on its
behalf by an authorized officer and the same to be attested by a
responsible officer, all as of the date and year first above written.

                                   HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY INDUSTRIAL
                                   DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY


                                   By:  (Signature)                         
                                      Chairman,                  


Attest:


By:  (Signature)
   Secretary,                 

                                   THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, as
                                      Trustee


                                   By:  (Signature)                         
                                      Its:  Account Administrator


Attest:



By:  (Signature)                                 
   Assistant Cashier

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.32
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>

                           REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT


                                  Dated as of
                                August 30, 1994



                                     among



                           WATTS INVESTMENT COMPANY,

                  THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS LISTED ON
                               SCHEDULE 1 HERETO,



              THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON, as Agent



                                      and



                  WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC., as Guarantor

<PAGE>


1.  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION.                        1
1.1.  Definitions.                                                  1
1.2.  Rules of Interpretation.                                      12
2.  THE REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY.                                  13
2.1.  Commitment to Lend.                                           13
2.2.  Facility Fee.                                                 14
2.3.  Reduction of Total Commitment.                                14
2.4.  The Notes.                                                    14
2.5.  Interest on Revolving Credit Loans.                           15
2.6.  Requests for Revolving Credit Loans.                          15
2.7.  Conversion Options.                                           15
2.7.1.  Conversion to Different Type of Revolving Credit Loan.      15
2.7.2.  Continuation of Type of Revolving Credit Loan.              16
2.7.3.  Eurodollar Rate Loans.                                      16
2.8.  Funds for Revolving Credit Loans.                             17
2.8.1.  Funding Procedures.                                         17
2.8.2.  Advances by Agent.                                          17
3.  REPAYMENT OF THE REVOLVING CREDIT LOANS.                        18
3.1.  Maturity.                                                     18
3.2.  Mandatory Repayments of Revolving Credit Loans.               18
3.3.  Optional Repayments of Revolving Credit Loans.                18
4.  CERTAIN GENERAL PROVISIONS.                                     19
4.1.  Closing Fee.                                                  19
4.2.  Agent's Fee.                                                  19
4.3.  Funds for Payments.                                           19
4.3.1.  Payments to Agent.                                          19
4.3.2.  No Offset, etc.                                             19
4.4.  Computations.                                                 20
4.5.  Inability to Determine Eurodollar Rate.                       20
4.6.  Illegality.                                                   20
4.7.  Additional Costs, etc.                                        21
4.8.  Capital Adequacy.                                             22
4.9.  Certificate.                                                  23
4.10.  Indemnity.                                                   23
4.11.  Interest on Overdue Amounts.                                 23
5.  GUARANTY.                                                       23
5.1.  Guaranty.                                                     23
5.2.  Guaranty Absolute.                                            24
5.3.  Effectiveness; Enforcement.                                   25
5.4.  Waivers.                                                      25
5.5.  Subrogation Waiver.                                           25
6.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.                                 26
6.1.  Corporate Authority.                                          26
6.1.1.  Incorporation; Good Standing.  (i)                          26
6.1.2.  Authorization.                                              26
6.1.3.  Enforceability.                                             26
6.2.  Governmental Approvals.                                       27
6.3.  Title to Properties; Leases.                                  27
6.4.  Financial Statements.                                         27
6.5.  No Material Changes, etc.                                     28
6.6.  Franchises, Patents, Copyrights, etc.                         28
6.7.  Litigation.                                                   28
6.8.  No Materially Adverse Contracts, etc.                         28
6.9.  Compliance With Other Instruments, Laws, etc.                 29
6.10.  Tax Status.                                                  29
6.11.  No Event of Default.                                         29
6.12.  Holding Company and Investment Company Acts.                 29
6.13.  Absence of Financing Statements, etc.                        29
6.14.  Certain Transactions.                                        30
6.15.  Employee Benefit Plans.                                      30
6.15.1.  In General.                                                30
6.15.2.  Terminability of Welfare Plans.                            30
6.15.3.  Guaranteed Pension Plans.                                  31
6.15.4.  Multiemployer Plans.                                       31
6.16.  Regulations U and X.                                         31
6.17.  Environmental Compliance.                                    32
6.18.  Subsidiaries, etc.                                           34
7.  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT.           34
7.1.  Punctual Payment.                                             34
7.2.  Maintenance of Office.                                        34
7.3.  Records and Accounts.                                         34
7.4.  Financial Statements, Certificates and Information.           34
7.5.  Notices.                                                      36
7.5.1.  Defaults.                                                   36
7.5.2.  Environmental Events.                                       36
7.5.3.  Notice of Litigation and Judgments.                         36
7.6.  Corporate Existence; Maintenance of Properties.               37
7.7.  Insurance.                                                    37
7.8.  Taxes.                                                        38
7.9.  Inspection of Properties and Books, etc.                      38
7.9.1.  General.                                                    38
7.9.2.  Communication with Accountants.                             38
7.10.  Compliance with Laws, Contracts, Licenses, and Permits.      39
7.11.  Employee Benefit Plans.                                      39
7.12.  Use of Proceeds.                                             40
7.13.  Further Assurances.                                          40
8.  CERTAIN NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT.      40
8.1.  Restrictions on Indebtedness.                                 40
8.2.  Restrictions on Liens.                                        42
8.3.  Restrictions on Investments.                                  43
8.4.  Distributions.                                                45
8.5.  Merger, Consolidation.                                        45
8.5.1.  Mergers and Acquisitions.                                   45
8.5.2.  Disposition of Assets.                                      46
8.6.  Sale and Leaseback.                                           46
8.7.  Compliance with Environmental Laws.                           46
8.8.  Employee Benefit Plans.                                       47
8.9.  Certain Transactions.                                         48
9.  FINANCIAL COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT.             48
9.1.  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.                                  48
9.2.  Leverage Ratio.                                               48
9.3.  Consolidated Tangible Net Worth.                              48
10.  CLOSING CONDITIONS.                                            48
10.1.  Loan Documents.                                              48
10.2.  Certified Copies of Charter Documents.                       49
10.3.  Corporate Action.                                            49
10.4.  Incumbency Certificate.                                      49
10.5.  Opinion of Counsel.                                          49
10.6.  Proceedings and Documents.                                   49
10.7.  Payment of Fees.                                             50
11.  CONDITIONS TO ALL BORROWINGS.                                  50
11.1.  Representations True; No Event of Default.                   50
11.2.  No Legal Impediment.                                         50
11.3.  Governmental Regulation.                                     50
12.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT; ACCELERATION; ETC.                          50
12.1.  Events of Default and Acceleration.                          50
12.2.  Termination of Commitments.                                  54
12.3.  Remedies.                                                    54
12.4.  Distribution of Proceeds.                                    54
13.  SETOFF.                                                        55
14.  THE AGENT.                                                     56
14.1.  Authorization.                                               56
14.2.  Employees and Agents.                                        57
14.3.  No Liability.                                                57
14.4.  No Representations.                                          57
14.5.  Payments.                                                    58
14.5.1.  Payments to Agent.                                         58
14.5.2.  Distribution by Agent.                                     58
14.5.3.  Delinquent Banks.                                          58
14.6.  Holders of Notes.                                            59
14.7.  Indemnity.                                                   59
14.8.  Agent as Bank.                                               59
14.9.  Resignation.                                                 59
14.10.  Notification of Defaults and Events of Default.             60
15.  EXPENSES.                                                      60
16.  INDEMNIFICATION.                                               61
17.  SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS, ETC.                                    62
18.  ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION.                                  62
18.1.  Conditions to Assignment by Banks.                           62
18.2.  Certain Representations and Warranties;
         Limitations; Covenants.                                    63
18.3.  Register.                                                    64
18.4.  New Notes.                                                   65
18.5.  Participations.                                              65
18.6.  Disclosure.                                                  65
18.7.  Assignee or Participant Affiliated with the Borrower.        66
18.8.  Miscellaneous Assignment Provisions.                         66
18.9.  Assignment by Borrower.                                      67
19.  CONFIDENTIALITY.                                               67
20.  NOTICES, ETC.                                                  67
21.  GOVERNING LAW.                                                 68
22.  HEADINGS.                                                      69
23.  COUNTERPARTS.                                                  69
24.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ETC.                                         69
25.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.                                          69
26.  CONSENTS, AMENDMENTS, WAIVERS, ETC.                            70
27.  SEVERABILITY.                                                  70

<PAGE>



                              Exhibits & Schedules

Exhibit A -              Form of Revolving Credit Note
Exhibit B -              Form of Loan Request
Exhibit C -              Form of Compliance Certificate
Exhibit D -              Form of Legal Opinion
Exhibit E -              Form of Assignment and Acceptance
Schedule 1 -             Banks, Commitments, Commitment Percentages,
                         Domestic Lending Offices, Eurodollar Lending
                         Offices
Schedule 6.3 -           Leased Property
Schedule 6.7 -           Litigation
Schedule 6.13 -          Financing Statements
Schedule 6.17 -          Environmental Matters
Schedule 6.18 -          Subsidiaries
Schedule 8.1 -           Existing Indebtedness
Schedule 8.2 -           Liens
Schedule 8.3 -           Investments

<PAGE>




                           REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT


     This REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT is made as of August 30, 1994, by and among
(a) Watts Investment Company (the "Borrower") a Delaware  corporation having its
principal place of business at 715 King Street, Wilmington, Delaware, 19801, (b)
the financial  institutions listed on Schedule 1 hereto and such other financial
institutions  that are or may become parties to this Credit  Agreement from time
to time in accordance with the provisions hereof, (c) The First National Bank of
Boston, as agent for itself and the other financial  institutions  party hereto,
and (d) Watts Industries, Inc. (the "Parent"), a Delaware corporation having its
principal place of business at 815 Chestnut Street, North Andover, Massachusetts
01845, as guarantor hereunder.

              1.  DEFINITIONS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION.

     1.1.  Definitions.

     The following terms shall have the meanings set forth in this (section)1 or
elsewhere in the provisions of this Credit Agreement referred to below:

     Affiliate.  Any Person that would be  considered  to be an affiliate of the
Parent or the  Borrower  under Rule 144(a) of the Rules and  Regulations  of the
Securities  and Exchange  Commission,  as in effect on the date hereof,  if such
Person were issuing securities.

     Agent's Head Office. The Agent's head office located at 100 Federal Street,
Boston,  Massachusetts  02110,  or at  such  other  location  as the  Agent  may
designate from time to time.

     Agent.  The First National Bank  of Boston acting as agent  for the
Banks.

     Agent's Special  Counsel.   Bingham, Dana  &  Gould or  such  other
counsel as may be approved by the Agent.

     Applicable Margin. A percentage to be determined for each fiscal quarter as
of the last day of the  previous  fiscal  quarter  based  on the  higher  of the
Parent's  senior  unsecured  debt  ratings as  published  by either (i)  Moody's
Investors Services,  Inc. or (ii) Standard & Poor's Corporation on such date, in
accordance with the schedule set forth below:

                    Rating
                  S&P/Moody's         Applicable Margin

                A/A2 or Higher              0.20%
                     A-/A3                  0.25%
                  BBB+/Baa 1               0.3125%
                   BBB/Baa2                 0.35%
                   BBB-/Baa3               0.4375%
             Non Investment Grade
             or unrated by either           0.75%
                 rating agency

     Assignment and Acceptance.  See (section)18.1.

     Balance Sheet Date.  June 30, 1994.

     Banks.  FNBB and the other lending institutions listed  on Schedule
1 hereto and any other Person who becomes an assignee of any  rights and
obligations of a Bank pursuant to (section)18.

     Base Rate.  The higher of (i) the annual  rate of interest  announced  from
time to time by FNBB at its head office in Boston,  Massachusetts,  as its "base
rate" and (ii) one-half of one percent (1/2%) above the Federal Funds  Effective
Rate. For the purposes of this definition,  "Federal Funds Effective Rate" shall
mean, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates
on overnight  federal  funds  transactions  with members of the Federal  Reserve
System arranged by federal funds brokers,  as published for such day (or if such
day is not a Business Day, for the next  preceding  Business Day) by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York,  or, if such rate is not so published for any day that
is a  Business  Day,  the  average  of the  quotations  for  such  day  on  such
transactions  received  by the Agent from  three  funds  brokers  of  recognized
standing selected by the Agent.

     Base  Rate  Loans.     Revolving  Credit  Loans  bearing   interest
calculated by reference to the Base Rate.

     Borrower.  As defined in the preamble hereto.

     Business   Day.  Any  day  on  which   banking   institutions   in  Boston,
Massachusetts  are open for the transaction of banking business and, in the case
of Eurodollar Rate Loans, also a day which is a Eurodollar Business Day.

     Capital  Assets.  Fixed  assets,  both tangible  (such as land,  buildings,
fixtures,  machinery and equipment) and intangible (such as patents, copyrights,
trademarks,  franchises  and good will);  provided that Capital Assets shall not
include any item  customarily  charged directly to expense or depreciated over a
useful life of twelve (12) months or less in accordance with generally  accepted
accounting principles.

     Capital  Expenditures.  Amounts paid or indebtedness incurred by the Parent
or any of its  Subsidiaries  in  connection  with the  purchase  or lease by the
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of Capital Assets that would be required to be
capitalized  and shown on the balance  sheet of such Person in  accordance  with
generally accepted accounting principles.

     Capitalized   Leases.   Leases  under  which  the  Parent  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  is the lessee or obligor,  the  discounted  future rental  payment
obligations  under which are required to be  capitalized on the balance sheet of
the  lessee  or  obligor  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted   accounting
principles.

     CERCLA.  See (section)6.17.

     Closing  Date.  The  first  date on  which  the  conditions  set  forth  in
(sections) 10 and 11 have been  satisfied and any Revolving  Credit Loans are to
be made.

     Code.  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986.

     Commitment.  With respect to each Bank,  the amount set forth on Schedule 1
hereto as the amount of such Bank's commitment to make Loans to the Borrower, as
the same may be reduced from time to time;  or if such  commitment is terminated
pursuant to the provisions hereof, zero.

     Commitment Percentage. With respect to each Bank, the percentage determined
by dividing such Bank's  Commitment by the aggregate  Commitments  of all of the
Banks. Each Bank's Commitment  Percentage as of the Closing Date is set forth on
Schedule 1 hereto.

     Consolidated  or  consolidated.  With reference to any term defined herein,
shall  mean  that  term  as  applied  to the  accounts  of the  Parent  and  its
Subsidiaries,  consolidated  in accordance  with generally  accepted  accounting
principles.

     Consolidated  Net  Income (or  Deficit).  The  consolidated  net income (or
deficit) of the Parent and its  Subsidiaries,  after  deduction of all expenses,
taxes,  and other  proper  charges,  determined  in  accordance  with  generally
accepted accounting  principles,  after eliminating  therefrom all extraordinary
nonrecurring items of income or loss.

     Consolidated Net Worth.  Consolidated Total Assets minus Consolidated Total
Liabilities, and minus, to the extent otherwise includable in the computation of
Consolidated Net Worth, any subscriptions receivable for the purchase of capital
stock.

     Consolidated Tangible Net Worth.   Consolidated Total Assets  minus
Consolidated Total Liabilities, and minus the sum of:

     (a) the total book  value of all assets of the Parent and its  Subsidiaries
properly  classified as intangible  assets under generally  accepted  accounting
principles,  including  such items as good will,  the purchase price of acquired
assets in excess of the fair market  value  thereof,  trademarks,  trade  names,
service marks, brand names,  copyrights,  patents and licenses,  and rights with
respect to the foregoing; plus

     (b) all amounts  representing  any write-up in the book value of any assets
of  the  Parent  or  its  Subsidiaries  resulting  from  a  revaluation  thereof
subsequent to the Balance Sheet Date, excluding adjustments to translate foreign
assets and liabilities for changes in foreign  exchange rates made in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 52; plus

     (c) to the extent  otherwise  includable in the computation of Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth,  any  subscriptions  receivable  for the purchase of capital
stock.

     Consolidated Total  Assets.   All  assets  of  the Parent  and  its
Subsidiaries determined  on  a  consolidated basis  in  accordance  with
generally accepted accounting principles.

     Consolidated  Total Interest Expense.  For any period, the aggregate amount
of interest  required  to be paid or accrued by the Parent and its  Subsidiaries
during  such  period on all  Indebtedness  of the  Parent  and its  Subsidiaries
outstanding during all or any part of such period,  whether such interest was or
is  required to be  reflected  as an item of expense or  capitalized,  including
payments  consisting  of  interest  in respect of  Capitalized  Leases and plus,
without duplication, commitment

fees, agency fees,  facility fees,  balance  deficiency fees and similar fees or
expenses in connection with the borrowing of money.

     Consolidated Total Liabilities.  All liabilities of the  Parent and
its Subsidiaries determined on  a consolidated basis in  accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.

     Conversion Request.  A notice given by the Borrower to the Agent of
the Borrower's election to convert or continue a Loan in accordance with
(section)2.7.

     Credit Agreement.  This  Revolving Credit Agreement, including  the
Schedules and Exhibits hereto.

     Default.  See (section)12.

     Distribution.  The  declaration or payment of any dividend on or in respect
of any shares of any class of capital stock of any of the  Borrower,  the Parent
or any of their  Subsidiaries,  other than dividends payable solely in shares of
common stock of such Person;  the purchase,  redemption,  or other retirement of
any shares of any class of capital stock of any of the  Borrower,  the Parent or
any of their  Subsidiaries (or any options,  warrants or other rights to acquire
shares of such capital  stock),  directly or indirectly  through a Subsidiary of
such  Person or  otherwise;  the return of capital by any of the  Borrower,  the
Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  to its  shareholders as such; or any other
distribution on or in respect of any shares of any class of capital stock of any
of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries.

     Dollars or $. Dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America.

     Domestic Lending Office.  Initially,  the office of each Bank designated as
such in Schedule 1 hereto;  thereafter,  such other office of such Bank, if any,
located  within the United States that will be making or  maintaining  Base Rate
Loans.

     Drawdown Date. The date on which any Revolving Credit Loan is made or is to
be  made,  and the date on which  any  Revolving  Credit  Loan is  converted  or
continued in accordance with (section)2.7.

     Earnings  Before  Interest,  Taxes,  Depreciation  and  Amortization.   The
Consolidated  Net Income (or Deficit) of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for any
period,  after all  expenses  and other  proper  charges  but before  payment or
provision  for any  income  taxes or  interest  expense  for such  period,  plus
depreciation  and  amortization  for such period,  determined in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.

     Eligible  Assignee.  Any  of  (i) a  commercial  bank  or  finance  company
organized  under the laws of the  United  States,  or any State  thereof  or the
District of Columbia, and having total assets in excess of $5,000,000,000;  (ii)
a  commercial  bank  organized  under the laws of any other  country  which is a
member  of the  Organization  for  Economic  Cooperation  and  Development  (the
"OECD"), or a political subdivision of any such country, and having total assets
in excess of $5,000,000,000,  provided that such bank is acting through a branch
or agency  located in the country in which it is  organized  or another  country
which is also a member  of the  OECD;  and  (iii)  if,  but only if, an Event of
Default has  occurred  and is  continuing,  any other bank,  insurance  company,
commercial  finance  company  or other  financial  institution  or other  Person
approved by the Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

     Employee  Benefit  Plan.  Any  employee  benefit plan within the meaning of
(section)3(3) of ERISA maintained or contributed to by any of the Borrower,  the
Parent or any ERISA Affiliate, other than a Multiemployer Plan.

     Environmental Laws.  See (section)6.17(a).

     ERISA.  The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

     ERISA  Affiliate.  Any Person  which is treated as a single  employer  with
either of the Borrower or the Parent under (section)414 of the Code.

     ERISA  Reportable  Event.  A reportable  event with respect to a Guaranteed
Pension Plan within the meaning of  (section)4043  of ERISA and the  regulations
promulgated  thereunder  as to which  the  requirement  of  notice  has not been
waived.

     Eurocurrency  Reserve Rate.  For any day with respect to a Eurodollar  Rate
Loan,  the maximum  rate  (expressed  as a decimal) at which any lender  subject
thereto would be required to maintain  reserves under  Regulation D of the Board
of  Governors  of the  Federal  Reserve  System  (or any  successor  or  similar
regulations  relating  to  such  reserve   requirements)  against  "Eurocurrency
Liabilities"  (as that term is used in Regulation D), if such  liabilities  were
outstanding.  The Eurocurrency  Reserve Rate shall be adjusted  automatically on
and as of the effective date of any change in the Eurocurrency Reserve Rate.

     Eurodollar  Business  Day. Any day on which  commercial  banks are open for
international business (including dealings in Dollar deposits) in London or such
other  eurodollar  interbank  market as may be selected by the Agent in its sole
discretion acting in good faith.

     Eurodollar Lending Office. Initially, the office of each Bank designated as
such in Schedule 1 hereto;  thereafter,  such other office of such Bank, if any,
that shall be making or maintaining Eurodollar Rate Loans.

     Eurodollar  Rate. For any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate
Loan,  the rate of  interest  equal to (i) the rate at which  FNBB's  Eurodollar
Lending Office is offered Dollar deposits,  at or about 10:00 a.m., Boston time,
two Eurodollar  Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest  Period in
the interbank  eurodollar  market where the eurodollar and foreign  currency and
exchange operations of such Eurodollar Lending Office are customarily conducted,
for  delivery  on the first day of such  Interest  Period for the number of days
comprised  therein and in an amount  comparable to the amount of the  Eurodollar
Rate Loan of FNBB to which  such  Interest  Period  applies,  divided  by (ii) a
number equal to 1.00 minus the Eurocurrency Reserve Rate, if applicable.

     Eurodollar Rate  Loans.   Revolving Credit  Loans bearing  interest
calculated by reference to the Eurodollar Rate.

     Event of Default.  See (section)12.

     Existing Indebtedness.  See (section)8.1(f).

     Facility Fee.  See (section)2.2.

     Facility  Fee  Rate.  For any date of  determination,  a  percentage  to be
determined  for such date based on the higher of the Parent's  senior  unsecured
debt ratings as published by either (i) Moody's Investors Services, Inc. or (ii)
Standard & Poor's  Corporation on such date, in accordance with the schedule set
forth below:


                 Rating           Facility Fee
               S&P/Moody's            Rate

             A/A2 or Higher           0.10%
                  A-/A3               0.10%
               BBB+/Baa 1            0.1250%
                BBB/Baa2              0.15%
                BBB-/Baa3            0.1875%
          Non Investment Grade
          or unrated by either        0.25%
              rating agency

     Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. For any period, the ratio of (i) the result of
(A) Earnings Before Interest,  Taxes,  Depreciation  and Amortization  minus (B)
Capital Expenditures, to (ii) the sum of (A) Consolidated Total Interest Expense
(without  duplication of any interest  taken into account in the  computation of
the  Fixed  Charged  Coverage  Ratio  in any  prior  period)  plus  (B)  current
maturities  of long term  Indebtedness  due and  payable  during  such period in
accordance with generally accepted accounting  principles,  in each case for the
Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period.

     FNBB.   The  First  National  Bank  of  Boston  in  its  individual
capacity.

     generally accepted accounting principles. (i) When used in (sections)8.1 or
9, whether directly or indirectly  through  reference to a capitalized term used
therein,   means  (A)  principles   that  are  consistent  with  the  principles
promulgated  or  adopted by the  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board and its
predecessors, in effect for the fiscal year ended on the Balance Sheet Date, and
(B) to the extent  consistent with such principles,  the accounting  practice of
the  Parent  reflected  in its  financial  statements  for the year ended on the
Balance Sheet Date, and (ii) when used in general, other than as provided above,
means  principles  that are (A) consistent  with the  principles  promulgated or
adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and its predecessors,  as in
effect  from  time to time and (B)  consistently  applied  with  past  financial
statements  of the Parent  adopting the same  principles,  provided that in each
case  referred  to  in  this  definition  of  "generally   accepted   accounting
principles"  a certified  public  accountant  would,  insofar as the use of such
accounting  principles is pertinent,  be in a position to deliver an unqualified
opinion  (other than a  qualification  regarding  changes in generally  accepted
accounting  principles) as to financial statements in which such principles have
been properly applied.

     Guaranteed Obligations.  See (section)5.1.

     Guaranteed  Pension  Plan.  Any  employee  pension  benefit plan within the
meaning of (section)3(2) of ERISA currently  maintained or contributed to by the
Borrower  or any  ERISA  Affiliate  the  benefits  of which  are  guaranteed  on
termination in full or in part by the PBGC pursuant to Title IV of ERISA,  other
than a Multiemployer Plan.

     Hazardous Substances.  See (section)6.17(b).

     Indebtedness. All obligations, contingent and otherwise, that in accordance
with generally  accepted  accounting  principles  should be classified  upon the
obligor's balance sheet as liabilities,  or to which reference should be made by
footnotes thereto,  including in any event and whether or not so classified: (i)
all  debt  and  similar  monetary  obligations,   whether  direct  or  indirect,
including,   without  limitation,   Capitalized  Lease  obligations;   (ii)  all
liabilities secured by any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien, charge, or
other  encumbrance  existing on  property  owned or  acquired  subject  thereto,
whether or not the liability secured thereby shall have been assumed;  and (iii)
all guarantees,  endorsements and other contingent obligations whether direct or
indirect in respect of  indebtedness  of others,  including  any  obligation  to
supply  funds to or in any  manner to invest in,  directly  or  indirectly,  the
debtor, to purchase indebtedness, or to assure the owner of indebtedness against
loss,  through an agreement  to purchase  goods,  supplies,  or services for the
purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of the indebtedness  held by such
owner or otherwise,  and the  obligations  to reimburse the issuer in respect of
any letters of credit,  whether drawn or undrawn,  to the extent not duplicative
of the Indebtedness secured by such letters of credit.

     Interest  Payment Date.  (i) As to any Base Rate Loan, the fifteenth day of
each calendar month and (ii) as to any Eurodollar  Rate Loan in respect of which
the  Interest  Period  is (A) 3 months  or less,  the last day of such  Interest
Period, (B) more than 3 months but less than or equal to 6 months, the date that
is 3 months from the first day of such Interest  Period,  and, in addition,  the
last day of such Interest Period and (C) more than 6 months,  the date that is 3
months  from the first day of such  Interest  Period,  the date that is 6 months
from the first day of such Interest  Period,  and, in addition,  the last day of
such Interest Period.

     Interest  Period.  With  respect to each Loan,  (i)  initially,  the period
commencing  on the Drawdown  Date of such Loan and ending on the last day of one
of the periods set forth  below,  as selected by the  Borrower in a Loan Request
(A) for any Base Rate Loan,  the last day of the calendar  month and (B) for any
Eurodollar  Rate Loan,  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 months and,  with the prior  written
consent  of each of the  Banks,  9  months;  and (ii)  thereafter,  each  period
commencing on the last day of the next preceding  Interest Period  applicable to
such Loan and ending on the last day of one of the periods set forth  above,  as
selected  by the  Borrower in a  Conversion  Request;  provided  that all of the
foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following:

     (a) if any Interest  Period with  respect to a  Eurodollar  Rate Loan would
otherwise  end on a day that is not a Eurodollar  Business  Day,  that  Interest
Period shall be extended to the next succeeding  Eurodollar  Business Day unless
the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another
calendar month, in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately
preceding Eurodollar Business Day;

     (b) if any Interest  Period with respect to a Base Rate Loan would end on a
day that is not a  Business  Day,  that  Interest  Period  shall end on the next
succeeding Business Day;

     (c) if the Borrower shall fail to give notice as provided in  (section)2.7,
the  Borrower  shall be deemed to have  requested a  conversion  of the affected
Eurodollar  Rate Loan to a Base Rate Loan and the  continuance  of all Base Rate
Loans as Base Rate  Loans on the last day of the then  current  Interest  Period
with respect thereto;

     (d) any Interest Period that begins on the last Eurodollar  Business Day of
a calendar  month (or on a day for which there is no  numerically  corresponding
day in the calendar  month at the end of such Interest  Period) shall end on the
last Eurodollar Business Day of a calendar month; and

     (e) any Interest  Period  relating to any  Eurodollar  Rate Loan that would
otherwise extend beyond the Maturity Date shall end on the Maturity Date.

     Investments.   All   expenditures   made  and  all   liabilities   incurred
(contingently  or otherwise) for the acquisition of stock or Indebtedness of, or
for loans,  advances,  capital  contributions or transfers of property to, or in
respect  of  any   guaranties   (or  other   commitments   as  described   under
Indebtedness),  or  obligations  of, any Person.  In  determining  the aggregate
amount of Investments  outstanding at any particular time: (i) the amount of any
Investment  represented  by a  guaranty  shall be  taken  at not  less  than the
principal amount of the obligations guaranteed and still outstanding; (ii) there
shall be  included  as an  Investment  all  interest  accrued  with  respect  to
Indebtedness  constituting an Investment unless and until such interest is paid;
(iii)  there shall be  deducted  in respect of each such  Investment  any amount
received as a return of capital (but only by repurchase, redemption, retirement,
repayment,  liquidating dividend or liquidating distribution);  (iv) there shall
not be deducted in respect of any Investment any amounts received as earnings on
such  Investment,  whether as  dividends,  interest  or  otherwise,  except that
accrued  interest  included  as  provided  in the  foregoing  clause (ii) may be
deducted  when paid;  and (v) there  shall not be  deducted  from the  aggregate
amount of Investments any decrease in the value thereof.

     Loan Documents.  This Credit Agreement and the Notes.

     Loan Request.  See (section)2.6.

     Loans.  The Revolving Credit Loans.

     Majority  Banks.  As of any date,  the  Banks  holding  at least  fifty-one
percent (51%) of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes on such date; and
if no such  principal  is  outstanding,  the Banks whose  aggregate  Commitments
constitutes at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the Total Commitment.

     Maturity Date.  August 31, 1999.

     Multiemployer Plan.  Any  multiemployer plan within the  meaning of
(section)3(37) of  ERISA maintained  or contributed  to  by any  of  the
Borrower, the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate.

     Note Record.  A Record with respect to a Note.

     Notes.  See (section)2.4.

     Obligations.  All  indebtedness,  obligations and liabilities of any of the
Borrower,  the Parent and any of their  Subsidiaries to any of the Banks and the
Agent,  individually  or  collectively,  existing  on the  date of  this  Credit
Agreement or arising thereafter,  direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute
or  contingent,  matured or unmatured,  liquidated or  unliquidated,  secured or
unsecured,  arising  by  contract,  operation  of law or  otherwise,  arising or
incurred  under this Credit  Agreement or any of the other Loan  Documents or in
respect of any of the Loans or any of the Notes or other instruments at any time
evidencing any thereof.

     Other Indebtedness.  See (section)8.1(h).

     outstanding.   With  respect to  the  Loans, the  aggregate  unpaid
principal thereof as of any date of determination.

     Parent.  As defined in the Preamble hereto.

     PBGC.    The  Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation   created  by
(section)4002 of  ERISA  and any  successor  entity or  entities  having
similar responsibilities.

     Permitted Liens.  Liens, security interests and  other encumbrances
permitted by (section)8.2.

     Person.     Any   individual,  corporation,   partnership,   trust,
unincorporated association,  business, or  other legal  entity, and  any
government or any governmental agency or political subdivision thereof.

     Real Estate.   All real property  at any time  owned or leased  (as
lessee or sublessee) by any of the Borrower, the Parent or any  of their
Subsidiaries.

     Record.  The grid attached to a Note, or the  continuation of such grid, or
any other similar record,  including  computer  records,  maintained by any Bank
with respect to any Loan referred to in such Note.

     Revolving Credit Loans.  Revolving credit loans made or to  be made
by the Banks to the Borrower pursuant to (section)2.

     Subsidiary.  Any  corporation,   association,   trust,  partnership,  joint
venture,  or other business  entity of which the designated  parent shall at any
time own directly or indirectly  through a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries at least a
majority (by number of votes) of the outstanding Voting Stock.

     Total Commitment.  The sum of  the Commitments of the Banks,  as in
effect from time to time.

     Total Funded Debt. The principal  amount of Indebtedness for borrowed money
(including  obligations under Capitalized  Leases allocable to principal) of the
Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.

     Type.  As to  any Revolving Credit Loan  its nature as a  Base Rate
Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan.

     Voting Stock. Stock or similar interests,  of any class or classes (however
designated),  the holders of which are at the time entitled, as such holders, to
vote for the  election of a majority  of the  directors  (or persons  performing
similar functions) of the corporation,  association,  trust, partnership,  joint
venture, or other business entity involved,  whether or not the right so to vote
exists by reason of the happening of a contingency.

     1.2.  Rules of Interpretation.

          (a) A  reference  to any  document or  agreement  shall  include  such
     document or agreement  as amended,  modified or  supplemented  from time to
     time in accordance with its terms and the terms of this Credit Agreement.

          (b) The  singular  includes  the plural and the  plural  includes  the
     singular.

          (c) A reference to any law includes any amendment or  modification  to
     such law.

          (d) A reference to any Person  includes its permitted  successors  and
     permitted assigns.

          (e)  Accounting  terms not otherwise  defined herein have the meanings
     assigned to them by generally accepted  accounting  principles applied on a
     consistent basis by the accounting entity to which they refer.

          (f) The words "include", "includes" and "including" are not limiting.

          (g) All terms not specifically defined herein or by generally accepted
     accounting  principles,  which terms are defined in the Uniform  Commercial
     Code as in effect in the Commonwealth of  Massachusetts,  have the meanings
     assigned to them  therein,  with the term  "instrument"  being that defined
     under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code.

          (h)  Reference to a particular  "(section)"  refers to that section of
     this Credit Agreement unless otherwise indicated.

          (i) The words "herein", "hereof", "hereunder" and words of like import
     shall refer to this Credit  Agreement as a whole and not to any  particular
     section or subdivision of this Credit Agreement.

                       2. THE REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY.

     2.1.  Commitment to Lend.

     Subject to the terms and  conditions  set forth in this  Credit  Agreement,
each of the Banks severally  agrees to lend to the Borrower and the Borrower may
borrow,  repay,  and reborrow from time to time between the Closing Date and the
Maturity Date upon notice by the Borrower to the Agent given in accordance  with
(section)2.6,  such  sums  as are  requested  by the  Borrower  up to a  maximum
aggregate  principal  amount  outstanding  (after  giving  effect to all amounts
requested)  at any one time equal to such Bank's  Commitment,  provided that the
sum of the outstanding amount of the Revolving Credit Loans (after giving effect
to all amounts requested) shall not at any time exceed the Total Commitment. The
Revolving  Credit  Loans shall be made pro rata in  accordance  with each Bank's
Commitment Percentage.  Each request for a Revolving Credit Loan hereunder shall
constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that the conditions set
forth in (section)10  and  (section)11.1,  in the case of the initial  Revolving
Credit Loans to be made on the Closing Date, and  (section)11.1,  in the case of
all  other  Revolving  Credit  Loans,  have been  satisfied  on the date of such
request.

     2.2.  Facility Fee.

     The  Borrower  agrees to pay to the Agent for the  accounts of the Banks in
accordance  with their  respective  Commitment  Percentages  a facility fee (the
"Facility  Fee")  calculated  at a rate per annum equal to the Facility Fee Rate
determined  as of the last day of the calendar  quarter for which such  Facility
Fee is to be  determined  (or, in the case of Facility  Fee  payments to be made
prior the last day of the calendar quarter,  the Facility Fee Rate determined as
of such date) on the  average  daily  amount  during  such  calendar  quarter or
portion thereof of the Total Commitment in effect during such calendar  quarter.
The Facility Fee shall be payable  quarterly in arrears on the first day of each
calendar quarter for the immediately  preceding  calendar quarter  commencing on
the first  such date  following  the date  hereof,  with a final  payment on the
Maturity Date or any earlier date on which the Commitments shall terminate.

     2.3.  Reduction of Total Commitment.

     The  Borrower  shall  have the right at any time and from time to time upon
ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Agent to reduce by $2,000,000
or integral  multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof or terminate entirely the
unborrowed  portion of the Total  Commitment,  whereupon the  Commitments of the
Banks shall be reduced pro rata in accordance with their  respective  Commitment
Percentages  of the  amount  specified  in such  notice  or, as the case may be,
terminated.  Promptly  after  receiving  any  notice of the  Borrower  delivered
pursuant to this (section)2.3,  the Agent will notify the Banks of the substance
thereof.  Upon the  effective  date of any such  reduction or  termination,  the
Borrower  shall pay to the Agent for the  respective  accounts  of the Banks the
full amount of any Facility Fee then accrued on the amount of the reduction.  No
reduction of the Commitments may be reinstated.

     2.4.  The Notes.

     The Revolving Credit Loans shall be evidenced by separate  promissory notes
of the Borrower in  substantially  the form of Exhibit A hereto (each a "Note"),
dated as of the Closing Date and completed with appropriate insertions. One Note
shall be payable to the order of each Bank in a principal  amount  equal to such
Bank's  Commitment or, if less, the outstanding  amount of all Revolving  Credit
Loans made by such Bank, plus interest accrued thereon,  as set forth below. The
Borrower  irrevocably  authorizes  each Bank to make or cause to be made,  at or
about the time of the Drawdown Date of any Revolving  Credit Loan or at the time
of receipt of any payment of  principal  on such  Bank's  Note,  an  appropriate
notation  on such Bank's Note  Record  reflecting  the making of such  Revolving
Credit Loan or (as the case may be) the receipt of such payment. The outstanding
amount of the Revolving  Credit Loans set forth on such Bank's Note Record shall
be prima facie evidence of the principal amount thereof owing and unpaid to such
Bank, but the failure to record,  or any error in so recording,  any such amount
on such Bank's Note Record shall not limit or otherwise  affect the  obligations
of the Borrower  hereunder or under any Note to make payments of principal of or
interest on any Note when due.

     2.5.  Interest on Revolving Credit Loans.

     Except as otherwise provided in (section)4.11,

          (a) Each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest for the period  commencing
     with the  Drawdown  Date thereof and ending on the last day of the Interest
     Period with respect thereto at the Base Rate.

          (b) Each  Eurodollar  Rate Loan  shall  bear  interest  for the period
     commencing with the Drawdown Date thereof and ending on the last day of the
     Interest   Period  with  respect  thereto  equal  to  the  Eurodollar  Rate
     determined for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin.

          (d) The  Borrower  promises to pay interest on each  Revolving  Credit
     Loan in arrears on each Interest Payment Date with respect thereto.

     2.6.  Requests for Revolving Credit Loans.

     The Borrower  shall give to the Agent written notice in the form of Exhibit
B hereto (or telephonic  notice  confirmed in a writing in the form of Exhibit B
hereto) of each Revolving Credit Loan requested hereunder (a "Loan Request") (i)
no later than 10 o'clock a.m. (Boston time) on the proposed Drawdown Date of any
Base Rate Loan, and (ii) no less than three (3)  Eurodollar  Business Days prior
to the proposed  Drawdown  Date of any  Eurodollar  Rate Loan.  Each such notice
shall specify (A) the principal  amount of the Revolving  Credit Loan requested,
(B) the proposed  Drawdown Date of such Revolving  Credit Loan, (C) the Interest
Period for such Revolving  Credit Loan and (D) the Type of such Revolving Credit
Loan.  Promptly upon receipt of any such notice,  the Agent shall notify each of
the Banks  thereof.  Each such notice  shall be  irrevocable  and binding on the
Borrower and shall  obligate the  Borrower to accept the  Revolving  Credit Loan
requested from the Banks on the proposed  Drawdown Date. Each Loan Request shall
be in a  minimum  aggregate  amount  of  $2,000,000  or  integral  multiples  of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof.

     2.7.  Conversion Options.

          2.7.1.  Conversion  to Different  Type of Revolving  Credit Loan.  The
     Borrower may elect from time to time to convert any  outstanding  Revolving
     Credit Loan to a Revolving  Credit Loan of another Type,  provided that (i)
     with respect to any such  conversion  of a  Eurodollar  Rate Loan to a Base
     Rate Loan, the Borrower shall give the Agent at least two (2) Business Days
     prior written notice of such election,  and such  conversion  shall only be
     made on the last day of the Interest Period with respect to such Eurodollar
     Loan;  (ii) with  respect to any such  conversion  of a Base Rate Loan to a
     Eurodollar  Rate Loan, the Borrower shall give the Agent at least three (3)
     Eurodollar Business Days prior written notice of such election and (iii) no
     Loan may be converted into a Eurodollar Rate Loan when any Default or Event
     of  Default  has  occurred  and is  continuing.  On the date on which  such
     conversion  is being made each Bank shall take such action as is  necessary
     to transfer its Commitment Percentage of such Revolving Credit Loans to its
     Domestic Lending Office or its Eurodollar  Lending Office,  as the case may
     be. All or any part of outstanding  Revolving  Credit Loans of any Type may
     be converted as provided herein, provided that partial conversions shall be
     in an aggregate  principal  amount of $2,000,000  or integral  multiples of
     $1,000,000  in excess  thereof.  Each  Conversion  Request  relating to the
     conversion  of a Revolving  Credit Loan to a Eurodollar  Rate Loan shall be
     irrevocable by the Borrower.

          2.7.2.  Continuation  of Type of Revolving  Credit Loan. Any Revolving
     Credit Loans of any Type may be continued as such upon the expiration of an
     Interest Period with respect thereto by compliance by the Borrower with the
     notice provisions contained in (section)2.7.1;  provided that no Eurodollar
     Rate Loan may be continued as such when any Default or Event of Default has
     occurred and is continuing,  but shall be automatically converted to a Base
     Rate Loan on the last day of the first  Interest  Period  relating  thereto
     ending during the  continuance  of any Default or Event of Default of which
     the  officers of the Agent active upon the  Borrower's  account have actual
     knowledge.  In the event that the Borrower fails to provide any such notice
     with respect to the  continuation of any Eurodollar Rate Loan as such, then
     such Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be  automatically  converted to a Base Rate
     Loan on the last day of the first Interest  Period  relating  thereto.  The
     Agent shall notify the Banks  promptly when any such  automatic  conversion
     contemplated by this (section)2.7 is scheduled to occur.

          2.7.3.  Eurodollar  Rate Loans.  Any conversion to or from  Eurodollar
     Rate Loans shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such  elections
     so that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of all
     Eurodollar  Rate Loans  having the same  Interest  Period shall not be less
     than $1,000,000 or integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof.

     2.8.  Funds for Revolving Credit Loans.

          2.8.1.  Funding  Procedures.  Not later than 11 o'clock  a.m.  (Boston
     time) on the proposed  Drawdown Date of any Revolving Credit Loans, each of
     the Banks will make available to the Agent, at the Agent's Head Office,  in
     immediately   available  funds,  the  amount  of  such  Bank's   Commitment
     Percentage of the amount of the  requested  Revolving  Credit  Loans.  Upon
     receipt  from each Bank of such amount,  and upon receipt of the  documents
     required  by  (sections)10  and  11  and  the  satisfaction  of  the  other
     conditions set forth therein, to the extent applicable, the Agent will make
     available to the Borrower the  aggregate  amount of such  Revolving  Credit
     Loans made  available to the Agent by the Banks.  The failure or refusal of
     any Bank to make  available to the Agent at the aforesaid time and place on
     any Drawdown Date the amount of its Commitment  Percentage of the requested
     Revolving  Credit  Loans  shall not relieve any other Bank from its several
     obligation  hereunder  to make  available  to the Agent the  amount of such
     other Bank's Commitment Percentage of any requested Revolving Credit Loans.

          2.8.2.  Advances  by Agent.  The Agent  may,  unless  notified  to the
     contrary by any Bank on or prior to a Drawdown Date,  assume that such Bank
     has made  available to the Agent on such  Drawdown  Date the amount of such
     Bank's  Commitment  Percentage of the Revolving  Credit Loans to be made on
     such Drawdown Date, and the Agent may (but it shall not be required to), in
     reliance  upon  such   assumption,   make   available  to  the  Borrower  a
     corresponding  amount. If any Bank makes available to the Agent such amount
     on a date after  such  Drawdown  Date,  such Bank shall pay to the Agent on
     demand an amount  equal to the product of (i) the average  computed for the
     period referred to in clause (iii) below, of the weighted  average interest
     rate paid by the Agent for federal funds  acquired by the Agent during each
     day  included  in such  period,  times  (ii)  the  amount  of  such  Bank's
     Commitment  Percentage  of  such  Revolving  Credit  Loans,  times  (iii) a
     fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse from and
     including such Drawdown Date to the date on which the amount of such Bank's
     Commitment   Percentage  of  such  Revolving   Credit  Loans  shall  become
     immediately  available to the Agent, and the denominator of which is 365. A
     statement  of the Agent  submitted to such Bank with respect to any amounts
     owing under this paragraph  shall be prima facie evidence of the amount due
     and  owing  to the  Agent  by such  Bank.  If the  amount  of  such  Bank's
     Commitment  Percentage of such Revolving Credit Loans is not made available
     to the Agent by such Bank within three (3)  Business  Days  following  such
     Drawdown  Date, the Agent shall be entitled to recover such amount from the
     Borrower on demand,  with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable
     to the Revolving Credit Loans made on such Drawdown Date.

              3.  REPAYMENT OF THE REVOLVING CREDIT LOANS.

     3.1.  Maturity.

     The Borrower  promises to pay on the Maturity  Date, and there shall become
absolutely  due and payable on the Maturity  Date,  all of the Revolving  Credit
Loans  outstanding  on such date,  together  with any and all accrued and unpaid
interest and fees thereon.

     3.2.  Mandatory Repayments of Revolving Credit Loans.

     If at any time the sum of the  outstanding  amount of the Revolving  Credit
Loans exceeds the Total Commitment,  then the Borrower shall immediately pay the
amount  of such  excess to the Agent for  application  to the  Revolving  Credit
Loans.

     3.3.  Optional Repayments of Revolving Credit Loans.

     The  Borrower  shall  have  the  right,  at  its  election,  to  repay  the
outstanding  amount of the Revolving Credit Loans, as a whole or in part, at any
time without penalty or premium, provided that the full or partial prepayment of
the   outstanding   amount  of  any  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  pursuant  to  this
(section)3.3  may be made only on the last day of the Interest  Period  relating
thereto.  The Borrower  shall give the Agent,  no later than 10:00 a.m.,  Boston
time,  at least three (3) Business Days prior  written  notice,  of any proposed
repayment  pursuant  to this  (section)3.3  of Base  Rate  Loans,  and  four (4)
Eurodollar  Business  Days  notice of any  proposed  repayment  pursuant to this
(section)3.3  of Eurodollar  Rate Loans,  in each case,  specifying the proposed
date of payment of Revolving  Credit Loans and the principal  amount to be paid.
Each  such  partial  prepayment  of the Loans  shall be in a  minimum  amount of
$2,000,000 or an integral  multiple of $1,000,000  in excess  thereof,  shall be
accompanied  by the payment of accrued  interest on the principal  repaid to the
date of payment and shall be applied  first to the  principal of Base Rate Loans
and then to the  principal of  Eurodollar  Rate Loans.  Each partial  prepayment
shall be allocated among the Banks, in proportion, as nearly as practicable,  to
the respective  unpaid  principal  amount of each Bank's  Revolving Credit Note,
with adjustments to the extent  practicable to equalize any prior repayments not
exactly in proportion.

                         4. CERTAIN GENERAL PROVISIONS.

     4.1.  Closing Fee.

     The  Borrower  agrees to pay to the Agent on the Closing Date a closing fee
in the amount set forth in the letter agreement  regarding certain fees dated as
of August 4, 1994 between the Borrower, the Parent, and the Agent.

     4.2.  Agent's Fee.

     The Borrower  shall pay to the Agent  annually in advance,  for the Agent's
own account, on the Closing Date and on each anniversary of the Closing Date, an
Agent's fee in the amount set forth in the letter  agreement  regarding  certain
fees dated as of August 4, 1994 between the Borrower, the Parent and the Agent.

     4.3.  Funds for Payments.

          4.3.1.  Payments  to  Agent.  All  payments  of  principal,  interest,
     Facility Fees and any other amounts due hereunder or under any of the other
     Loan Documents shall be made to the Agent,  for the respective  accounts of
     the  Banks and the  Agent,  at the  Agent's  Head  Office or at such  other
     location in the Boston, Massachusetts, area that the Agent may from time to
     time designate, in each case in immediately available funds.

          4.3.2.  No Offset,  etc. All payments by the  Borrower  hereunder  and
     under any of the  other  Loan  Documents  shall be made  without  setoff or
     counterclaim  and free and clear of and  without  deduction  for any taxes,
     levies,   imposts,   duties,   charges,  fees,  deductions,   withholdings,
     compulsory loans, restrictions or conditions of any nature now or hereafter
     imposed or levied by any jurisdiction or any political  subdivision thereof
     or taxing or other  authority  therein  unless the Borrower is compelled by
     law to make  such  deduction  or  withholding.  If any such  obligation  is
     imposed  upon  the  Borrower  with  respect  to any  amount  payable  by it
     hereunder or under any of the other Loan  Documents,  the Borrower will pay
     to the  Agent,  for the  account  of the  Banks or (as the case may be) the
     Agent,  on the date on which such  amount is due and payable  hereunder  or
     under such other Loan Document,  such additional amount in Dollars as shall
     be  necessary  to enable  the Banks or the  Agent to  receive  the same net
     amount  which the Banks or the Agent  would have  received on such due date
     had no such  obligation  been imposed upon the Borrower.  The Borrower will
     deliver promptly to the Agent  certificates or other valid vouchers for all
     taxes or other charges  deducted from or paid with respect to payments made
     by the Borrower hereunder or under such other Loan Document.

     4.4.  Computations.

     All  computations  of interest on the Loans and of the Facility Fee and all
other  fees shall be based on a 360-day  year and paid for the actual  number of
days  elapsed.  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in the  definition  of the term
"Interest  Period" with  respect to  Eurodollar  Rate Loans,  whenever a payment
hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents  becomes due on a day that is
not a Business  Day, the due date for such payment shall be extended to the next
succeeding  Business Day, and interest shall accrue during such  extension.  The
outstanding  amount of the Loans as  reflected  on the Note Records from time to
time shall be  considered  correct and  binding on the  Borrower  unless  within
fifteen (15)  Business  Days after  receipt of any notice by the Agent or any of
the Banks of such  outstanding  amount,  the Agent or such Bank shall notify the
Borrower to the contrary.

     4.5.  Inability to Determine Eurodollar Rate.

     In the event,  prior to the commencement of any Interest Period relating to
any Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Agent shall determine that adequate and reasonable
methods do not exist for  ascertaining  the Eurodollar Rate that would otherwise
determine  the rate of interest to be  applicable  to any  Eurodollar  Rate Loan
during any  Interest  Period,  the Agent  shall  forthwith  give  notice of such
determination  (which  shall be  conclusive  and binding on the Borrower and the
Banks) to the  Borrower  and the Banks.  In such  event (i) any Loan  Request or
Conversion  Request with respect to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be automatically
withdrawn  and  shall be  deemed  a  request  for Base  Rate  Loans,  (ii)  each
Eurodollar  Rate Loan will  automatically,  on the last day of the then  current
Interest Period  thereof,  become a Base Rate Loan, and (iii) the obligations of
the Banks to make  Eurodollar  Rate  Loans  shall be  suspended  until the Agent
determines  that the  circumstances  giving  rise to such  suspension  no longer
exist, whereupon the Agent shall so notify the Borrower and the Banks.

     4.6.  Illegality.

     Notwithstanding  any other provisions herein, if any present or future law,
regulation,  treaty or directive or in the interpretation or application thereof
shall make it unlawful for any Bank to make or maintain  Eurodollar  Rate Loans,
such Bank shall forthwith give notice of such  circumstances to the Borrower and
the other Banks and thereupon (i) the commitment of such Bank to make Eurodollar
Rate  Loans or convert  Loans of another  Type to  Eurodollar  Rate Loans  shall
forthwith  be  suspended  and (ii)  such  Bank's  Revolving  Credit  Loans  then
outstanding as Eurodollar Rate Loans,  if any, shall be converted  automatically
to Base Rate Loans on the last day of each  Interest  Period  applicable to such
Eurodollar  Rate Loans or within such earlier  period as may be required by law.
The  Borrower  hereby  agrees  promptly to pay the Agent for the account of such
Bank, upon demand by such Bank, any additional  amounts  necessary to compensate
such  Bank for any costs  incurred  by such Bank in  making  any  conversion  in
accordance  with this  (section)4.6,  including  any interest or fees payable by
such Bank to lenders of funds  obtained by it in order to make or  maintain  its
Eurodollar Loans hereunder.

     4.7.  Additional Costs, etc.

     If any present or future applicable law, which expression,  as used herein,
includes statutes,  rules and regulations thereunder and interpretations thereof
by any  competent  court  or by any  governmental  or other  regulatory  body or
official  charged  with the  administration  or the  interpretation  thereof and
requests, directives,  instructions and notices at any time or from time to time
hereafter made upon or otherwise  issued to any Bank or the Agent by any central
bank or other  fiscal,  monetary or other  authority  (whether or not having the
force of law), shall:

          (a)  subject  any Bank or the Agent to any tax,  levy,  impost,  duty,
     charge,  fee,  deduction or  withholding of any nature with respect to this
     Credit Agreement,  the other Loan Documents,  such Bank's Commitment or the
     Loans  (other than taxes based upon or measured by the income or profits of
     such Bank or the Agent), or

          (b)  materially  change the basis of  taxation  (except for changes in
     taxes on income or profits) of payments to any Bank of the  principal of or
     the interest on any Loans or any other  amounts  payable to any Bank or the
     Agent under this Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or

          (c) impose or increase or render  applicable (other than to the extent
     specifically  provided for elsewhere in this Credit  Agreement) any special
     deposit, reserve, assessment,  liquidity, capital adequacy or other similar
     requirements  (whether or not having the force of law) against  assets held
     by, or deposits in or for the account of, or loans by, or commitments of an
     office of any Bank, or

          (d)  impose  on  any  Bank  or  the  Agent  any  other  conditions  or
     requirements  with  respect  to  this  Credit  Agreement,  the  other  Loan
     Documents,  the Loans,  such  Bank's  Commitment,  or any class of loans or
     commitments  of which any of the Loans or such  Bank's  Commitment  forms a
     part, 

and the result of any of the foregoing clauses (a) through (d) is:

          (i) to  increase  the cost to any Bank of  making,  funding,  issuing,
     renewing,  extending  or  maintaining  any  of the  Loans  or  such  Bank's
     Commitment, or

          (ii) to reduce  the  amount of  principal,  interest  or other  amount
     payable  to such Bank or the Agent  hereunder  on  account  of such  Bank's
     Commitment or any of the Loans, or

          (iii) to  require  such  Bank or the Agent to make any  payment  or to
     forego any  interest  or other sum payable  hereunder,  the amount of which
     payment or foregone interest or other sum is calculated by reference to the
     gross amount of any sum  receivable or deemed  received by such Bank or the
     Agent  from the  Borrower  hereunder,  then,  and in each  such  case,  the
     Borrower  will,  no later than  fifteen (15) days after demand made by such
     Bank or (as the  case may be) the  Agent at any time and from  time to time
     and as often as the occasion  therefor  may arise,  pay to such Bank or the
     Agent such additional amounts as will be sufficient to compensate such Bank
     or the Agent for such  additional  cost,  reduction,  payment  or  foregone
     interest or other sum.

     4.8.  Capital Adequacy.

     If after  the date  hereof  any Bank or the Agent  determines  that (i) the
adoption  of or  change  in any  law,  governmental  rule,  regulation,  policy,
guideline  or  directive  (whether  or not  having  the force of law)  regarding
capital  requirements  for banks or bank holding  companies or any change in the
interpretation or application thereof by a court or governmental  authority with
appropriate  jurisdiction,  or (ii)  compliance by such Bank or the Agent or any
corporation  controlling such Bank or the Agent with any law, governmental rule,
regulation,  policy,  guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of
law) of any such entity regarding capital  adequacy,  has the effect of reducing
the return on such Bank's or the Agent's commitment with respect to any Loans to
a level below that which such Bank or the Agent could have achieved but for such
adoption,  change or compliance  (taking into  consideration  such Bank's on the
Agent's then  existing  policies  with respect to capital  adequacy and assuming
full utilization of such entity's  capital) by any amount deemed by such Bank or
(as the case may be) the Agent to be  material,  then such Bank or the Agent may
notify  the  Borrower  of such  fact.  To the  extent  that the  amount  of such
reduction  in the  return on  capital is not  reflected  in the then  applicable
interest rate, the Borrower  agrees to pay such Bank or (as the case may be) the
Agent for the amount of such reduction in the return on capital as and when such
reduction is determined  upon  presentation by such Bank or (as the case may be)
the Agent of a certificate in accordance  with  (section)4.9  hereof.  Each Bank
shall allocate such cost  increases  among its customers in good faith and on an
equitable basis.

     4.9.  Certificate.

     A certificate  setting forth any  additional  amounts  payable  pursuant to
(sections)4.7  or 4.8 and a brief  explanation  of such  amounts  which are due,
submitted by any Bank or the Agent to the Borrower, shall be conclusive,  absent
manifest error, that such amounts are due and owing.

     4.10.  Indemnity.

     The Borrower  agrees to indemnify  each Bank and to hold each Bank harmless
from and  against  any loss,  cost or  expense  (including  loss of  anticipated
profits) that such Bank may sustain or incur as a consequence  of (i) default by
the  Borrower  in  payment of the  principal  amount of or any  interest  on any
Eurodollar  Rate Loans as and when due and payable,  including  any such loss or
expense  arising from  interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders of funds
obtained by it in order to maintain its Eurodollar  Rate Loans,  (ii) default by
the Borrower in making a borrowing after the Borrower has given (or is deemed to
have  given)  a  Loan  Request  or a  Conversion  Request  relating  thereto  in
accordance  with  (sections)2.6  or 2.7 or (iii) the making of any  payment of a
Eurodollar  Rate Loan or the making of any conversion of any such Loan to a Base
Rate Loan on a day that is not the last day of the  applicable  Interest  Period
with respect thereto, including interest or fees payable by such Bank to lenders
of funds obtained by it in order to maintain any such Loans.

     4.11.  Interest on Overdue Amounts.

     Overdue  principal and (to the extent permitted by applicable law) interest
on the Loans and all other overdue amounts payable hereunder or under any of the
other Loan  Documents  shall bear  interest  compounded  monthly  and payable on
demand at a rate per annum equal to two  percent  (2%) above the Base Rate until
such amount shall be paid in full (after as well as before judgment).

                                  5. GUARANTY.

     5.1.  Guaranty.

     For value  received and hereby  acknowledged  and as an  inducement  to the
Banks  to  make  the  Loans  available  to  the  Borrower,   the  Parent  hereby
unconditionally  and irrevocably  guarantees (i) the full punctual  payment when
due,  whether  at  stated  maturity,  by  acceleration  or  otherwise,   of  all
Obligations  of the Borrower now or hereafter  existing  hereunder and under the
Notes and the other Loan  Documents,  whether  for  principal,  interest,  fees,
expenses,  or  otherwise,  (ii) the strict  performance  and  observance  by the
Borrower  of its  obligations  under this  Credit  Agreement  and the other Loan
Documents and of all  agreements,  warranties  and  covenants  applicable to the
Borrower in this Credit Agreement;  and (iii) the strict performance of all such
obligations under this Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents which would
become due but for the  operation of the  automatic  stay  pursuant to (section)
362(a) of the United  States  Bankruptcy  Code and the  operation of  (sections)
502(b)  and  506(c) of the  United  States  Bankruptcy  Code  (such  obligations
collectively being the "Guaranteed Obligations").

     5.2.  Guaranty Absolute.

     The Parent guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly
in  accordance  with the terms hereof and of the Notes,  regardless  of any law,
regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any
of such terms or the rights of the Banks with respect thereto.  The liability of
the Parent under this  (section)5  with regard to the Guaranteed  Obligations of
the Borrower shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of:

          (i) any lack of validity or  enforceability  of this Credit  Agreement
     with respect to the Borrower (with regard to such Guaranteed  Obligations),
     the Notes of the Borrower,  the Loan  Documents,  or any other agreement or
     instrument relating thereto;

          (ii) any change in the time of,  manner or place of payment  of, or in
     any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations of the Borrower
     or any other  amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure  from this
     Credit Agreement (with regard to such Guaranteed  Obligations) or the Notes
     of the Borrower;

          (iii) any exchange, release or nonperfection of any collateral, or any
     release or amendment  or waiver of or consent to  departure  from any other
     guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations of the Borrower;

          (iv) any change in ownership of the Borrower;

          (v) any acceptance of any partial payment(s) from the Borrower; or

          (vi) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense
     available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower in respect of its  Guaranteed
     Obligations.

     The obligations of the Parent  contained in this (section)5  shall continue
to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment
of any of the Guaranteed  Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned
by the Banks upon the insolvency,  bankruptcy or  reorganization of the Borrower
or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

     5.3.  Effectiveness; Enforcement.

     The  guaranty  obligations  of the Parent  under this  (section)5  shall be
effective  and shall be deemed to be made with  respect to each Loan made to the
Borrower  as  of  the  time  it  is  made.  No   invalidity,   irregularity   or
unenforceability by reason of any bankruptcy or similar law, or any law or order
of any  government or agency  thereof  purporting to reduce,  amend or otherwise
affect any liability of the Borrower,  and no defect in or insufficiency or want
of powers of the Borrower or irregular or improperly  recorded exercise thereof,
shall  impair,  affect,  be a defense to or claim  against  such  guaranty.  The
agreements of the Parent  contained in this  (section)5  constitute a continuing
guaranty and shall (i) survive any termination of this Credit Agreement and (ii)
remain in full force and effect until payment in full of, and performance of all
Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this (section)5.  The
agreements of the Parent  contained in this  (section)5 are made for the benefit
of the Banks and their successors and assigns,  and may be enforced from time to
time as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part
of the Banks first to exercise any rights against the Borrower or to exhaust any
remedies available to them against the Borrower or to resort to any other source
or means of  obtaining  payment of any of the said  obligations  or to elect any
other remedy.

     5.4.  Waivers.

     To the fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  the Parent  hereby  irrevocably
waives promptness,  diligence, presentment, demand, protest notice of acceptance
and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed  Obligations and this
(section)5  and any  requirement  that the Banks  protect,  secure,  perfect  or
otherwise  take action to ensure any  security  interest or lien on any property
subject  thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against the Borrower or
any other Person or any collateral.  The Parent also irrevocably  waives, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, all defenses which at any time may be available
to it in  respect  of the  Guaranteed  Obligations  by virtue of any  statute of
limitations,  valuation,  stay,  moratorium  law or  other  similar  law  now or
hereafter in effect.

     5.5.  Subrogation Waiver.

     Notwithstanding  any term  contained  herein to the  contrary,  the  Parent
hereby   waives  all   rights  of   subrogation,   reimbursement,   restitution,
contribution or indemnity against the Borrower,  and will not prove any claim in
competition  with the Agent or the Banks in respect of any payment  hereunder in
any bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization case or proceedings of any nature.

                       6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

     Each of the  Borrower and the Parent  represents  and warrants to the Banks
and the Agent as follows:

     6.1.  Corporate Authority.

          6.1.1. Incorporation;  Good Standing. (i) Each of the Borrower and the
     Parent is a corporation,  and each of their  Subsidiaries is a corporation,
     partnership or joint venture, duly organized,  validly existing and in good
     standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization,  and (ii) each
     of the Borrower,  the Parent and their  Subsidiaries  (a) has all requisite
     power to own its property and conduct its business as now  conducted and as
     presently contemplated,  and (b) is in good standing and is duly authorized
     to do business in each jurisdiction  where such  qualification is necessary
     except  where a failure  to be so  qualified  would  not have a  materially
     adverse effect on the business, assets or financial condition of any of the
     Borrower or the Parent individually,  or the Borrower, the Parent and their
     Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

          6.1.2. Authorization.  The execution, delivery and performance of this
     Credit  Agreement and the other Loan  Documents to which the Borrower,  the
     Parent  or any of their  Subsidiaries  is or is to  become a party  and the
     transactions  contemplated  hereby and thereby (i) are within the corporate
     authority of such Person,  (ii) have been duly  authorized by all necessary
     corporate  proceedings,  (iii) do not conflict with or result in any breach
     or  contravention of any provision of law,  statute,  rule or regulation to
     which  any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  is
     subject  or any  judgment,  order,  writ,  injunction,  license  or  permit
     applicable to any of the Borrower,  the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries
     and (iv) do not conflict  with any  provision of the  corporate  charter or
     bylaws of, or any agreement or other  instrument  binding upon,  any of the
     Borrower,  the  Parent  or  any of  their  Subsidiaries  or  any  of  their
     respective properties.

          6.1.3.  Enforceability.  The  execution  and  delivery  of this Credit
     Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower, the Parent or
     any of their  Subsidiaries  is or is to become a party will result in valid
     and legally binding  obligations of such Person  enforceable  against it in
     accordance  with the respective  terms and  provisions  hereof and thereof,
     except  as   enforceability   is   limited   by   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
     reorganization, moratorium or other laws relating to or affecting generally
     the  enforcement  of  creditors'  rights  and  except  to the  extent  that
     availability of the remedy of specific  performance or injunctive relief is
     subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
     may be brought.

     6.2. Governmental Approvals.

     The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower, the Parent and any
of their  Subsidiaries of this Credit  Agreement and the other Loan Documents to
which such Person is or is to become a party and the  transactions  contemplated
hereby and thereby do not require  the  approval or consent of, or filing  with,
any governmental agency or authority other than (i) those already obtained,  and
(ii) filings with the Securities and Exchange  Commission to be made on or prior
to September 30, 1994.

     6.3.  Title to Properties; Leases.

     Except as indicated on Schedule 6.3 hereto,  the  Borrower,  the Parent and
their  Subsidiaries own all of the assets reflected in the consolidated  balance
sheet  of the  Parent  and its  Subsidiaries  as at the  Balance  Sheet  Date or
acquired since that date (except property and assets sold or otherwise  disposed
of in the  ordinary  course of business  since that date and other  dispositions
permitted  pursuant to (section)8.5.2  hereof),  subject to no rights of others,
including any mortgages,  leases, conditional sales agreements,  title retention
agreements, liens or other encumbrances except Permitted Liens.

     6.4.  Financial Statements.

     There has been furnished to the Agent a  consolidated  balance sheet of the
Parent and its  Subsidiaries  as at the Balance Sheet Date,  and a  consolidated
statement  of income for the fiscal year then ended,  certified  by the Parent's
independent  certified public  accountants.  Such balance sheet and statement of
income have been  prepared in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles and fairly present in all material  respects the financial  condition
of the  Parent  and its  Subsidiaries  as at the close of  business  on the date
thereof and the results of operations for the fiscal year then ended.  There are
no contingent  liabilities  of any of the  Borrower,  the Parent or any of their
Subsidiaries as of such date involving  material amounts,  known to the officers
of the  Borrower  or the  Parent not  disclosed  in said  balance  sheet and the
related notes thereto.

     6.5.  No Material Changes, etc.

     As of the Closing Date and the first Drawdown  Date,  there has occurred no
materially  adverse change in the financial  condition or business of any of the
Borrower,  the  Parent or their  Subsidiaries  as shown on or  reflected  in the
consolidated  balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as at the Balance
Sheet Date,  or the  consolidated  statement  of income for the fiscal year then
ended,  other than changes in the ordinary  course of business that have not had
any  materially  adverse effect either  individually  or in the aggregate on the
business or financial  condition of the Borrower or the Parent, or of the Parent
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. Since the Balance Sheet Date and prior to
the Closing Date,  neither the Borrower nor the Parent has made any Distribution
other than a dividend declared by the Parent in July 1994.

     6.6.  Franchises, Patents, Copyrights, etc.

     Each of the  Borrower,  the Parent  and their  Subsidiaries  possesses  all
material franchises, patents, copyrights,  trademarks, trade names, licenses and
permits, and rights in respect of the foregoing, adequate for the conduct of its
business  substantially as now conducted  without known conflict with any rights
of others.

     6.7.  Litigation.

     Except as  provided in Schedule  6.7 hereto,  there are no actions,  suits,
proceedings or investigations  of any kind pending or threatened  against any of
the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries before any court, tribunal
or administrative agency or board that, if adversely  determined,  might, either
in any case or in the aggregate,  materially  adversely  affect the  properties,
assets,  financial  condition or business of the Borrower,  the Parent and their
Subsidiaries  taken as a whole or  materially  impair the right of the Borrower,
the Parent and their  Subsidiaries,  considered as a whole, to carry on business
substantially  as now conducted by them, or for which adequate  reserves are not
maintained on the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries,
or which question the validity of this Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan
Documents, or any action taken or to be taken pursuant hereto or thereto.

     6.8.  No Materially Adverse Contracts, etc.

     Neither  the  Borrower  nor the  Parent  nor any of their  Subsidiaries  is
subject to any charter,  corporate or other legal restriction,  or any judgment,
decree,  order, rule or regulation that has or is expected in the future to have
a materially  adverse effect on the business,  assets or financial  condition of
any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of their  Subsidiaries.  Neither  the
Borrower nor the Parent nor any of their Subsidiaries is a party to any contract
or agreement  that has or is expected,  in the judgment of the Borrower's or the
Parent's officers,  to have any materially adverse effect on the business of any
of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries.

     6.9.  Compliance With Other Instruments, Laws, etc.

     Neither the  Borrower  nor the Parent nor any of their  Subsidiaries  is in
violation of any provision of its charter documents, bylaws, or any agreement or
instrument  to which it may be subject  or by which it or any of its  properties
may be  bound  or  any  decree,  order,  judgment,  statute,  license,  rule  or
regulation,  in any of the  foregoing  cases in a manner  that could  materially
adversely affect the financial  condition,  properties or business of any of the
Borrower, the Parent or the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

     6.10.  Tax Status.

     Each of the  Borrower,  the Parent and their  Subsidiaries  (i) has made or
filed all material  federal and state income and all other tax returns,  reports
and  declarations  required by any jurisdiction to which any of them is subject,
(ii) has paid all material taxes and other governmental  assessments and charges
shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,  except
those being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and (iii) has
set aside on its books  provisions  reasonably  adequate  for the payment of all
material  taxes for periods  subsequent  to the  periods to which such  returns,
reports or declarations  apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount
claimed  to be  due  by the  taxing  authority  of  any  jurisdiction,  and  the
respective  officers of each of the Borrower and the Parent know of no basis for
any such claim.

     6.11.  No Event of Default.

     No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

     6.12.  Holding Company and Investment Company Acts.

     Neither  the  Borrower  nor the Parent nor any of their  Subsidiaries  is a
"holding  company",  or a  "subsidiary  company" of a "holding  company",  or an
affiliate"  of a  "holding  company",  as such  terms are  defined in the Public
Utility  Holding Company Act of 1935; nor is it an "investment  company",  or an
"affiliated company" or a "principal underwriter" of an "investment company", as
such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940.

     6.13.  Absence of Financing Statements, etc.

     Except with respect to Permitted  Liens and except as set forth on Schedule
6.13 attached  hereto,  as of the Closing Date in respect of all active domestic
operations  of the  Borrower  and the Parent  there is no  financing  statement,
security  agreement,  chattel  mortgage,  real estate mortgage or other document
filed or recorded with any filing  records,  registry,  or other public  office,
that purports to cover,  affect or give notice of any present or possible future
lien on, or security interest in, any assets or property of any of the Borrower,
the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries or rights relating  thereto which would
have a material  adverse effect on the business,  assets,  property or financial
condition of any of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries.

     6.14.  Certain Transactions.

     Except for arm's length  transactions  pursuant to which the Borrower,  the
Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  makes  payments in the ordinary  course of
business upon terms no less  favorable  than such Person could obtain from third
parties and except for payment of certain  legal fees of a voting  trust for the
Horne family stock,  and payment of expenses for  preparation  of tax returns of
certain  officers  and  directors of the Parent and its  Subsidiaries  and other
transactions  between the Borrower  and the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries
deemed  by  management  of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  in good  faith  to be
beneficial  to the Borrower  and the Parent,  none of the  officers,  directors,
employees  or  Affiliates  of any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent or any of their
Subsidiaries is presently a party to any  transaction  with any of the Borrower,
the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  (other than for services as employees,
officers and directors),  including any contract, agreement or other arrangement
providing for the furnishing of services to or by,  providing for rental of real
or personal property to or from, or otherwise  requiring payments to or from any
officer,  director,  Affiliate or any such  employee or, to the knowledge of the
Borrower  or  the  Parent  or  any  of  their  Subsidiaries,   any  corporation,
partnership,  trust or other entity in which any officer, director, Affiliate or
any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee
or partner.

     6.15.  Employee Benefit Plans.

          6.15.1.  In General.  Except for the Jameco  Industries,  Inc. Pension
     Plan,  each  Employee  Benefit  Plan has been  maintained  and  operated in
     compliance in all material  respects  with the  provisions of ERISA and, to
     the  extent  applicable,  the  Code,  including  but  not  limited  to  the
     provisions  thereunder  respecting  prohibited  transactions.  Each  of the
     Borrower  and the Parent  has  heretofore  delivered  to the Agent the most
     recently completed annual report, Form 5500, with all required attachments,
     and actuarial  statement required to be submitted under  (section)103(d) of
     ERISA, with respect to each Guaranteed Pension Plan.

          6.15.2.  Terminability  of Welfare Plans.  Under each Employee Benefit
     Plan which is an  employee  welfare  benefit  plan  within  the  meaning of
     (section)3(1) or  (section)3(2)(B) of ERISA, no benefits are due unless the
     event  giving  rise  to  the  benefit  entitlement  occurs  prior  to  plan
     termination  (except as required  by Title I,  Subtitle B Part 6 of ERISA).
     Each  of the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or an  ERISA  Affiliate  thereof,  as
     appropriate,  may  terminate  each  such  Plan at any  time (or at any time
     subsequent to the expiration of any applicable bargaining agreement) in the
     discretion of the Borrower, the Parent or such ERISA Affiliate, as the case
     may be,  without  liability  to any Person  other  than  those  liabilities
     relating to events occurring prior to termination.

          6.15.3.  Guaranteed  Pension Plans. Each  contribution  required to be
     made to a Guaranteed Pension Plan, whether required to be made to avoid the
     incurrence  of an  accumulated  funding  deficiency,  the  notice  or  lien
     provisions of (section)302(f) of ERISA, or otherwise, has been timely made.
     No waiver of an accumulated funding deficiency or extension of amortization
     periods has been received with respect to any  Guaranteed  Pension Plan. No
     liability to the PBGC (other than required insurance premiums, all of which
     have been paid) has been incurred by any of the Borrower, the Parent or any
     ERISA  Affiliate  thereof with respect to any  Guaranteed  Pension Plan and
     there  has not been any  ERISA  Reportable  Event,  or any  other  event or
     condition  which  presents a material risk of termination of any Guaranteed
     Pension Plan by the PBGC.  Based on the latest valuation of each Guaranteed
     Pension Plan (which in each case occurred  within twelve months of the date
     of this  representation),  and on the  actuarial  methods  and  assumptions
     employed for that  valuation,  the  aggregate  benefit  liabilities  of all
     Guaranteed  Pension Plans within the meaning of  (section)4001 of ERISA did
     not exceed the  aggregate  value of the  assets of all  Guaranteed  Pension
     Plans,  disregarding for this purpose the benefit liabilities and assets of
     any Guaranteed  Pension Plan with assets in excess of benefit  liabilities,
     by more than $2,500,000.

          6.15.4.  Multiemployer  Plans. Neither the Borrower nor the Parent nor
     any ERISA Affiliate thereof has incurred any material liability  (including
     secondary liability) to any Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or
     partial  withdrawal from such  Multiemployer  Plan under  (section)4201  of
     ERISA or as a result  of a sale of assets  described  in  (section)4204  of
     ERISA.  Neither the Borrower nor the Parent nor any ERISA Affiliate thereof
     has been  notified  that any  Multiemployer  Plan is in  reorganization  or
     insolvent under and within the meaning of (section)4241 or (section)4245 of
     ERISA or that any  Multiemployer  Plan  intends  to  terminate  or has been
     terminated under (section)4041A of ERISA.

     6.16.  Regulations U and X.

     The  proceeds of the Loans  shall be used for  working  capital and general
corporate purposes of the Borrower, the Parent and their Subsidiaries, including
acquisitions permitted by (section)8.5.1 hereof. No portion of any Loan is to be
used for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any "margin  security" or "margin
stock" as such terms are used in  Regulations  U and X of the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R. Parts 221 and 224.

     6.17.  Environmental Compliance.

     Except as set forth on Schedule 6.17 attached hereto,  each of Borrower and
the Parent has taken all  commercially  reasonable  steps  (determined as of the
time of  investigation)  to investigate the past and present condition and usage
of the Real Estate and the  operations  conducted  thereon and,  based upon such
diligent investigation, has determined that:

          (a) neither the Borrower nor the Parent nor any of their  Subsidiaries
     nor any operation on the Real Estate is in violation, or alleged violation,
     of any judgment, decree, order, law, license, rule or regulation pertaining
     to environmental matters, including without limitation, those arising under
     the Resource  Conservation  and Recovery Act  ("RCRA"),  the  Comprehensive
     Environmental  Response,  Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 as amended
     ("CERCLA"),  the  Superfund  Amendments  and  Reauthorization  Act of  1986
     ("SARA"), the Federal Clean Water Act, the Federal Clean Air Act, the Toxic
     Substances  Control  Act,  or  any  state  or  local  statute,  regulation,
     ordinance,  order or decree  relating to health,  safety or the environment
     (hereinafter  "Environmental  Laws"),  which violation could  reasonably be
     expected  to have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  environment  or the
     business,  assets or financial  condition of the  Borrower,  the Parent and
     their Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

          (b) neither the Borrower nor the Parent nor any of their  Subsidiaries
     has received notice from any third party including, without limitation, any
     federal,  state or local governmental  authority,  (i) that any one of them
     has been identified by the United States  Environmental  Protection  Agency
     ("EPA) as a  potentially  responsible  party under CERCLA with respect to a
     site listed on the National Priorities List, 40 C.F.R. Part 300 Appendix B;
     (ii) that any hazardous  waste,  as defined by 42 U.S.C.  (section)6903(5),
     any  hazardous  substances as defined by 42 U.S.C.  (section)9601(14),  any
     pollutant or contaminant as defined by 42 U.S.C.  (section)9601(33) and any
     toxic  substances,  oil  or  hazardous  materials  or  other  chemicals  or
     substances  regulated by any  Environmental  Laws ("Hazardous  Substances")
     which any one of them has  generated,  transported  or disposed of has been
     found at any site at which a federal,  state or local agency or other third
     party has conducted or has ordered that any of the Borrower,  the Parent or
     any of their  Subsidiaries  conduct a  remedial  investigation,  removal or
     other response action pursuant to any  Environmental  Law; or (iii) that it
     is or  shall be a named  party  to any  claim,  action,  cause  of  action,
     complaint, or legal or administrative  proceeding (in each case, contingent
     or  otherwise)  arising  out of any  third  party's  incurrence  of  costs,
     expenses,  losses or damages of any kind  whatsoever in connection with the
     release of Hazardous  Substances,  liability for which could  reasonably be
     expected  to have a  material  adverse  effect on the  business,  assets or
     financial  condition of the  Borrower,  the Parent and their  Subsidiaries,
     taken as a whole;

          (c)  (i) to the  best  of  the  Borrower's,  the  Parent's  and  their
     Subsidiaries'  knowledge,  no portion of the Real  Estate has been used for
     the  handling,  processing,  storage or  disposal of  Hazardous  Substances
     except in material  compliance with applicable  Environmental Laws; (ii) in
     the course of any activities conducted by any of the Borrower,  the Parent,
     any  of  their  Subsidiaries  or to the  best  knowledge  of the  executive
     officers of the Borrower or the Parent without  independent  investigation,
     operators of their properties,  no Hazardous Substances have been generated
     or are being used on the Real  Estate  except in material  compliance  with
     applicable  Environmental Laws; (iii) there have been no releases (i.e. any
     past or present releasing,  spilling,  leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting,
     emptying,  discharging,  injecting,  escaping,  disposing  or  dumping)  or
     threatened  releases of Hazardous  Substances  on,  upon,  into or from the
     properties of any of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries,
     which releases or threatened  releases could  reasonably be expected have a
     material  adverse effect on the value of any of the Real Estate or adjacent
     properties;  (iv) to the best of the Borrower's and the Parent's knowledge,
     there have been no releases on, upon, from or into any real property in the
     vicinity  of any of the Real  Estate  which,  through  soil or  groundwater
     contamination,  may have come to be  located  on,  and which  would  have a
     material  adverse  effect  on the  value of,  the Real  Estate;  and (v) in
     addition,  any Hazardous  Substances that have been generated on any of the
     Real Estate have been  managed or disposed of in material  compliance  with
     applicable  Environmental  Laws,  and, to the best of the  Borrower's,  the
     Parent's,   and  their   Subsidiaries'   knowledge,   without   independent
     investigation,  the transporters and facilities utilized by the Parent, the
     Borrower,  or any of their  Subsidiaries  to  transport  or dispose of such
     Person's Hazardous Substances have not failed to operate in compliance with
     any permits  authorizing such activities and are not in material  violation
     of any applicable Environmental Laws; and

          (d) neither the Borrower nor the Parent nor any of their  Subsidiaries
     nor any of the Real Estate is subject,  by virtue of the  transactions  set
     forth herein and contemplated  hereby, to any applicable  environmental law
     requiring the performance of Hazardous Substances site assessments,  or the
     removal or remediation of Hazardous Substances,  or the giving of notice to
     any governmental agency or the recording or delivery to other Persons of an
     environmental disclosure document or statement.

     6.18.  Subsidiaries, etc.

     Schedule 6.18 sets forth all of the  Subsidiaries of each of the Parent and
the Borrower.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.18 hereto, neither the Borrower
nor the Parent nor any of their  Subsidiaries is engaged in any joint venture or
partnership with any other person.

       7.  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT.

     Each of Borrower and the Parent  covenants  and agrees that, so long as any
Obligation  or Note is  outstanding  or any Bank has any  obligation to make any
Loans:

     7.1.  Punctual Payment.

     Each of the Borrower and the Parent will duly and  punctually  pay or cause
to be paid the  principal  and  interest on the Loans and the  Facility  Fee and
Agent's fee provided for in this Credit  Agreement,  all in accordance  with the
terms of this Credit Agreement and the Notes.

     7.2.  Maintenance of Office.

     The Borrower and the Parent will each maintain its chief  executive  office
in Wilmington,  Delaware and North Andover,  Massachusetts,  respectively, or at
such other place in the United States of America as such Person shall  designate
upon written notice to the Agent, where notices, presentations and demands to or
upon such Person in respect of the Loan Documents may be given or made.

     7.3.  Records and Accounts.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the Parent will (i) keep,  and cause each of its
Subsidiaries  to keep,  true and accurate  records and books of account in which
full,  true  and  correct  entries  will be made in  accordance  with  generally
accepted accounting  principles and (ii) maintain adequate accounts and reserves
for all taxes (including income taxes),  depreciation,  depletion,  obsolescence
and  amortization  of its  properties  and the  properties of its  Subsidiaries,
contingencies,  and other reserves,  all in accordance  with generally  accepted
accounting principles.

     7.4.  Financial Statements, Certificates and Information.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will  deliver  to the Agent and the
Banks:

          (a) as soon as  practicable,  but in any event not later  than  ninety
     (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent, the consolidated
     balance  sheet of the  Parent and its  Subsidiaries,  each as at the end of
     such  year,   and  the  related   consolidated   statement  of  income  and
     consolidated  statement of cash flow for such year,  each setting  forth in
     comparative  form the  figures  for the  previous  fiscal year and all such
     consolidated  statements to be in reasonable detail, prepared in accordance
     with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  certified  without
     qualification  by Ernst & Young or any  other of the six  largest  firms of
     independent  certified  public  accountants  located in the United  States,
     together with a written  statement from such accountants to the effect that
     they have read the covenants set forth in (sections)8.1(h),  8.3(i) and (j)
     and 9 of this Credit Agreement and the relevant  definitions and provisions
     applicable thereto,  and that, in making the examination  necessary to said
     certification,  they have  obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of
     Default,  or, if such accountants shall have obtained knowledge of any then
     existing  Default or Event of Default they shall disclose in such statement
     any such Default or Event of Default;  provided that such accountants shall
     not be liable to the Banks for failure to obtain  knowledge  of any Default
     or Event of Default;

          (b) as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than forty-five
     (45) days after the end of each of the fiscal quarters of the Parent (other
     than  the  fourth  fiscal  quarter  of each  fiscal  year),  copies  of the
     unaudited  consolidated  balance sheet of the Parent and its  Subsidiaries,
     each as at the end of such quarter, and the related consolidated  statement
     of income and  consolidated  statement  of cash flow for the portion of the
     Parent's fiscal year then elapsed, all in reasonable detail and prepared in
     accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  (subject  to
     customary  exceptions for interim  financial  statements),  together with a
     certification  by the  principal  financial  or  accounting  officer of the
     Parent that the information  contained in such financial  statements fairly
     presents the financial  position of the Parent and its  Subsidiaries on the
     date thereof (subject to year-end adjustments);

          (c)  simultaneously  with the  delivery  of the  financial  statements
     referred to in subsections (a) and (b) above, a statement  certified by the
     principal  financial or accounting  officer of each of the Borrower and the
     Parent in  substantially  the form of Exhibit C hereto and setting forth in
     reasonable  detail  computations  evidencing  compliance with the covenants
     contained in  (section)9  and (if  applicable)  reconciliations  to reflect
     changes in generally accepted accounting principles since the Balance Sheet
     Date;

          (d) promptly  following the filing or mailing  thereof,  copies of all
     material of a  financial  nature  filed with the  Securities  and  Exchange
     Commission or sent generally to the stockholders of the Borrower; and

          (e) from  time to time  such  other  financial  data  and  information
     (including  accountants'  management  letters) as the Agent or any Bank may
     reasonably request.

     7.5.  Notices.

     7.5.1.  Defaults.

     The  Borrower  will  promptly  notify  the  Agent  and each of the Banks in
writing of the  occurrence  of any  Default or Event of  Default.  If any Person
shall give any notice or take any other  action in respect of a claimed  default
(whether or not constituting an Event of Default) under this Credit Agreement or
any other note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture or other obligation to which
or with  respect  to  which  any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of their
Subsidiaries is a party or obligor, whether as principal or surety, the Borrower
shall forthwith give written notice thereof to each of the Banks, describing the
notice or action and the nature of the claimed default.

     7.5.2.  Environmental Events.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will,  and will  cause  each of its
Subsidiaries  to,  promptly give notice to the Agent (i) of any violation of any
Environmental  Law  that  any of  the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or  any of  their
Subsidiaries  reports in writing or is  reportable by such Person in writing (or
for which any  written  report  supplemental  to any oral report is made) to any
federal,  state or local  environmental  agency  and (ii)  upon  becoming  aware
thereof, of any inquiry, proceeding, investigation, or other action, including a
notice from any agency of  potential  environmental  liability,  or any federal,
state or  local  environmental  agency  or  board,  that  has the  potential  to
materially affect the assets, liabilities, financial conditions or operations of
the Borrower, the Parent and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

     7.5.3.  Notice of Litigation and Judgments.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will,  and will  cause  each of its
Subsidiaries to, give notice to the Agent in writing within fifteen (15) days of
becoming  aware of any  litigation or  proceedings  threatened in writing or any
pending litigation and proceedings affecting any of the Borrower,  the Parent or
any of their Subsidiaries or to which any of the Borrower,  the Parent or any of
their  Subsidiaries  is or becomes a party  involving an uninsured claim against
any  of the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of  their  Subsidiaries  that  could
reasonably  be  expected  to  have a  materially  adverse  effect  on any of the
Borrower,  the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  and  stating the nature and
status of such  litigation or  proceedings.  Each of the Borrower and the Parent
will, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to, give notice to the Agent, in
writing,  in form and detail  satisfactory to the Agent, within ten (10) days of
any judgment not covered by insurance,  final or  otherwise,  against any of the
Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of their  Subsidiaries  in an amount in excess of
$5,000,000.

     7.6.  Corporate Existence; Maintenance of Properties.

     Each of the  Borrower and the Parent will do or cause to be done all things
necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence,
rights  and  franchises  and  those of its  Subsidiaries,  except  as  otherwise
permitted by (section)8.5.1.  Each of the Borrower and the Parent (i) will cause
all of its  properties  and  those of its  Subsidiaries  used or  useful  in the
conduct of its business or the business of its Subsidiaries to be maintained and
kept in good condition, repair and working order and supplied with all necessary
equipment,  (ii)  will  cause  to  be  made  all  necessary  repairs,  renewals,
replacements,  betterments and improvements  thereof,  all as in the judgment of
the Borrower or the Parent may be  necessary so that the business  carried on in
connection therewith may be properly and advantageously  conducted at all times,
and (iii) will, and will cause each of its  Subsidiaries  to, continue to engage
primarily  in the  principal  lines of  business  now  conducted  by them and in
similar or related businesses;  provided that nothing in this (section)7.6 shall
prevent  the  Borrower  or the  Parent  from  discontinuing  the  operation  and
maintenance  of any of its  properties  or  those  of its  Subsidiaries  if such
discontinuance  is, in the judgment of the Borrower or the Parent,  desirable in
the conduct of its or their business and that do not in the aggregate materially
adversely   affect  the  business  of  the   Borrower,   the  Parent  and  their
Subsidiaries.

     7.7.  Insurance.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will,  and will  cause  each of its
Subsidiaries  to,  maintain  with  financially  sound  and  reputable   insurers
insurance with respect to its properties  and business  against such  casualties
and  contingencies  as shall be in  accordance  with the  general  practices  of
businesses  engaged in similar  activities  in similar  geographic  areas and in
amounts,  containing  such terms,  in such forms and for such  periods as may be
reasonable and prudent.

     7.8.  Taxes.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will,  and will  cause  each of its
Subsidiaries  to, duly pay and  discharge,  or cause to be paid and  discharged,
before the same shall become overdue, all material taxes,  assessments and other
governmental  charges  (other than  taxes,  assessments  and other  governmental
charges imposed by foreign  jurisdictions that in the aggregate are not material
to the  business  or assets of any of the  Borrower,  the Parent or any of their
Subsidiaries  on an individual  basis or of the  Borrower,  the Parent and their
Subsidiaries on a consolidated  basis) imposed upon it and its real  properties,
sales  and  activities,  or any part  thereof,  or upon the  income  or  profits
therefrom, as well as all material claims for labor, materials, or supplies that
if  unpaid  might by law  become  a lien or  charge  upon  any of its  property;
provided that any such tax,  assessment,  charge, levy or claim need not be paid
if the validity or amount thereof shall  currently be contested in good faith by
appropriate  proceedings  and if the  Borrower or the Parent or such  Subsidiary
shall have set aside on its books adequate  reserves with respect  thereto;  and
provided  further that the Borrower,  the Parent and each of their  Subsidiaries
will pay all such taxes,  assessments,  charges, levies or claims forthwith upon
the  commencement of proceedings to foreclose any lien that may have attached as
security therefor.

     7.9.  Inspection of Properties and Books, etc.

          7.9.1.  General.  Each of the Borrower and the Parent shall permit the
     Banks,   through  the  Agent  or  any  of  the  Banks'   other   designated
     representatives, to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Borrower
     or the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries to examine the books of account
     and other  records  (to the  extent  not  confidential,  and if any of such
     materials are confidential,  subject to the Agent's ability to discuss with
     representatives  of the  Borrower,  the Parent and their  Subsidiaries  and
     their  professional  advisors  the  matters  covered  by such  confidential
     material) of any of the Borrower, the Parent and their Subsidiaries (and to
     make copies  thereof and extracts  therefrom),  and to discuss the affairs,
     finances and accounts of the  Borrower,  the Parent and their  Subsidiaries
     with, and to be advised as to the same by, its and their  officers,  all at
     such reasonable  times and intervals  during regular  business hours as the
     Agent or any Bank may reasonably request.

          7.9.2.  Communication  with Accountants.  Each of the Borrower and the
     Parent  authorizes  the  Agent  and  the  Banks  (i)  to  obtain  from  the
     Borrower's,  the Parent's  and their  Subsidiaries'  independent  certified
     public  accountants  copies of any and all accountants'  management letters
     prepared  with  respect  to the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or  any  of  their
     Subsidiaries,  (ii) to  communicate  directly  with such  accountants  with
     regard to matters disclosed in such management letters,  and (iii) with the
     consent  of  the  Borrower  or  the  Parent,  which  consent  shall  not be
     unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed,  to  communicate  directly  with  such
     accountants  with  regard to all other  matters  concerning  the  business,
     financial condition and other affairs of any of the Borrower, the Parent or
     any of their  Subsidiaries,  provided that after the  occurrence and during
     the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default,  no such consent shall
     be required. Each of the Borrower, the Parent and their Subsidiaries hereby
     authorize  and direct  such  accountants  to  disclose to the Agent and the
     Banks all such  management  letters  and any and all  additional  financial
     statements and supporting financial documents and schedules with respect to
     the business, financial condition and other affairs of any of the Borrower,
     the  Parent  or  any  of  their   Subsidiaries   in  connection  with  such
     communications.  At the request of the Agent,  the Borrower,  the Parent or
     the  appropriate  Subsidiary  shall  deliver  a  letter  addressed  to such
     accountants  instructing  them  to  comply  with  the  provisions  of  this
     (section)7.9.2.

     7.10.  Compliance with Laws, Contracts, Licenses, and Permits.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will,  and will  cause  each of its
Subsidiaries  to, comply with (i) the applicable laws and  regulations  wherever
its business is conducted, including all Environmental Laws, (ii) the provisions
of its charter  documents and by-laws,  (iii) all agreements and  instruments by
which it or any of its properties may be bound and (iv) all applicable  decrees,
orders, and judgments,  except where  non-compliance could not have a materially
adverse  effect on the  business,  assets or  financial  condition of any of the
Borrower or the Parent individually, or the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole.  If at any time while any Loan or Note is  outstanding  or any Bank has
any obligation to make Loans hereunder,  any authorization,  consent,  approval,
permit or license from any officer,  agency or instrumentality of any government
shall become  necessary or required in order that the Borrower or the Parent may
fulfill any of its obligations  hereunder,  the Borrower or, as the case may be,
the  Parent  will  immediately  take or cause to be taken all  reasonable  steps
within the power of such Person to obtain such authorization, consent, approval,
permit or license and furnish the Banks with evidence thereof.

     7.11.  Employee Benefit Plans.

     Each of the Borrower and the Parent will (i) promptly  upon filing the same
with the Department of Labor or Internal Revenue Service, furnish to the Agent a
copy of the most  recent  actuarial  statement  required to be  submitted  under
(section)103(d)  of ERISA  and  Annual  Report,  Form  5500,  with all  required
attachments,  in respect of each Guaranteed  Pension Plan and (ii) promptly upon
receipt or dispatch,  furnish to the Agent any notice,  report or demand sent or
received in respect of a  Guaranteed  Pension  Plan under  (sections)302,  4041,
4042, 4043, 4063, 4065, 4066 and 4068 of ERISA, or in respect of a Multiemployer
Plan, under (sections)4041A, 4202, 4219, 4242, or 4245 of ERISA.

     7.12.  Use of Proceeds.

     The Borrower,  the Parent and their  Subsidiaries  will use the proceeds of
the Loans solely for working capital and general corporate  purposes,  including
acquisitions permitted by (section)8.5.1.

     7.13.  Further Assurances.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  will,  and will  cause  each of its
Subsidiaries to, cooperate with the Banks and the Agent and execute such further
instruments and documents as the Banks or the Agent shall reasonably  request to
carry out to their reasonable satisfaction the transactions contemplated by this
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

     8.  CERTAIN NEGATIVE COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT.

     Each of the Borrower and the Parent  covenants  and agrees that, so long as
any  Obligations  or Note is  outstanding or any Bank has any obligation to make
any Loans:

     8.1.  Restrictions on Indebtedness.

     Neither  Borrower  nor the Parent  will,  nor will they permit any of their
Subsidiaries  to,  create,  incur,  assume,  guarantee  or be or remain  liable,
contingently or otherwise, with respect to any Indebtedness other than:

          (a)  Indebtedness  to the Banks and the Agent arising under any of the
     Loan Documents;

          (b)  current  liabilities  of  the  Borrower,   the  Parent  or  their
     Subsidiaries  incurred  in the  ordinary  course of business  not  incurred
     through (i) the borrowing of money,  or (ii) the obtaining of credit except
     for  credit  on an open  account  basis  customarily  extended  and in fact
     extended in connection with normal purchases of goods and services, and any
     letters of credit issued for the account of the Borrower, the Parent or any
     of their Subsidiaries in support of such permitted current liabilities;

          (c)  Indebtedness  in  respect  of  taxes,  assessments,  governmental
     charges  or levies and claims for  labor,  materials  and  supplies  to the
     extent that payment  therefor  shall not at the time be required to be made
     in accordance with the provisions of (section)7.8;

          (d)  Indebtedness  in respect of judgments or awards that have been in
     force for less than the  applicable  period for taking an appeal so long as
     execution is not levied thereunder or in respect of which the Borrower, the
     Parent  or the  applicable  Subsidiary  shall at the time in good  faith be
     prosecuting an appeal or  proceedings  for review and in respect of which a
     stay of execution shall have been obtained pending such appeal or review;

          (e) endorsements for collection, deposit or negotiation and warranties
     of products or services,  in each case  incurred in the ordinary  course of
     business;

          (f)  Indebtedness  existing on the date of this Credit  Agreement  and
     listed and described on Schedule 8.1 hereto ("Existing Indebtedness"),  and
     any refinancings of Existing  Indebtedness,  provided that at no time shall
     the sum of (i) the  aggregate  principal  amount of  Existing  Indebtedness
     remaining outstanding at such time plus (ii) the aggregate principal amount
     of  Indebtedness  in respect of such  refinancings  at such time exceed the
     aggregate principal amount of Existing Indebtedness on the Closing Date;

          (g)  Indebtedness  of the Borrower or the Parent to any  Subsidiary of
     the  Borrower or the Parent,  and  Indebtedness  of any  Subsidiary  of the
     Borrower  or  the  Parent  to  the  Borrower  or the  Parent  or any  other
     Subsidiary of the Borrower or the Parent;

          (h)  other   Indebtedness  for  borrowed  money  and  credit  received
     (including  Capitalized Leases, letters of credit issued for the account of
     the Borrower,  the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries,  and  Indebtedness
     incurred  pursuant to the sale and  leaseback of any property  permitted by
     the provisions of (section)8.6 hereof),  provided that at no time shall the
     aggregate amount of such Indebtedness  exceed 10% of the Consolidated Total
     Assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries  determined as of the last day of
     the fiscal  year of the  Parent  most  recently  ended  (such  Indebtedness
     permitted by this subsection (h), "Other Indebtedness"); and

          (i) (a) in addition to, or in combination with, Indebtedness permitted
     by clause (h) of this (section)8.1, with respect to any Subsidiary acquired
     by the Borrower,  the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries after the Closing
     Date, Indebtedness of such newly acquired Subsidiary in existence as of the
     date of such  acquisition,  provided that such Indebtedness is not incurred
     in  contemplation  of  such   acquisition,   and  any  guaranties  of  such
     Indebtedness issued by the Borrower, the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries,
     including  without   limitation,   with  respect  to  any  indemnities  for
     environmental,  employee benefit,  tax, litigation and similar liabilities,
     but excluding the acquisition price of such Subsidiary; provided that at no
     time  shall  the  outstanding   aggregate   amount  of  such   Indebtedness
     (excluding, to the extent duplicative, such guaranties) exceed $10,000,000,
     and (b) with respect to any Subsidiary acquired or to be acquired after the
     Closing Date, guaranties by the Parent of the acquisition price of such new
     Subsidiary   which  price   shall  not  include  any  of  the   obligations
     contemplated by clause (a) above.

     8.2.  Restrictions on Liens.

     Neither  the  Borrower  nor the Parent,  will,  nor will they permit any of
their  Subsidiaries  to, (i) create or incur or suffer to be created or incurred
or to exist any lien,  encumbrance,  mortgage,  pledge,  charge,  restriction or
other  security  interest of any kind upon any of its  property or assets of any
character whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon the income or profits
therefrom; (ii) transfer any of such property or assets or the income or profits
therefrom for the purpose of subjecting the same to the payment of  Indebtedness
or  performance  of any other  obligation  in priority to payment of its general
creditors; (iii) acquire, or agree or have an option to acquire, any property or
assets upon conditional sale or other title retention or purchase money security
agreement, device or arrangement; (iv) suffer to exist for a period of more than
thirty (30) days after the same shall have been  incurred  any  Indebtedness  or
claim or demand  against it that if unpaid  might by law or upon  bankruptcy  or
insolvency,  or  otherwise,  be given any priority  whatsoever  over its general
creditors;  or (v) sell,  assign,  pledge or otherwise  transfer  any  accounts,
contract  rights,  general  intangibles,  chattel paper or instruments,  with or
without recourse;  provided that the Borrower,  the Parent and any Subsidiary of
the  Borrower  or the  Parent  may  create or incur or suffer to be  created  or
incurred or to exist:

          (a) liens in favor of the Borrower or the Parent on all or part of the
     assets of Subsidiaries of the Borrower or the Parent securing  Indebtedness
     owing by  Subsidiaries of the Borrower or the Parent to the Borrower or the
     Parent, as the case may be;

          (b) liens to secure taxes, assessments and other government charges in
     respect of obligations  not overdue or liens on properties to secure claims
     for labor, material or supplies in respect of obligations not overdue;

          (c) deposits or pledges made in connection  with, or to secure payment
     of, workmen's  compensation,  unemployment  insurance,  old age pensions or
     other social security obligations, or deposits to secure the performance of
     tenders,  bids and other contracts  (other than for the payment of borrowed
     money) arising in the ordinary course of business;

          (d) liens in respect of the  interest of lessors  under leases of real
     property;

          (e) liens on  properties  in  respect  of  judgments  or  awards,  the
     Indebtedness with respect to which is permitted by (section)8.1(d);

          (f) liens of carriers,  warehousemen,  mechanics and materialmen,  and
     other like liens on  properties,  in existence  less than 120 days from the
     date of creation thereof in respect of obligations not overdue;

          (g)  encumbrances  consisting  of  easements,  rights  of way,  zoning
     restrictions,  restrictions  on the use of real  property  and  defects and
     irregularities  in the title  thereto,  landlord's or lessor's  liens under
     leases to which the Borrower,  the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries is a
     party,  and other minor liens or encumbrances  none of which in the opinion
     of the  Borrower or the Parent  interferes  materially  with the use of the
     property  affected in the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower,
     the Parent and their Subsidiaries,  which defects do not individually or in
     the  aggregate  have a  materially  adverse  effect on the  business of the
     Borrower,  the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  individually or of the
     Borrower, the Parent and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;

          (h)  presently  outstanding  liens listed on Schedule 8.2 hereto,  and
     liens to secure refinancings of Existing  Indebtedness secured by presently
     outstanding  liens to the extent and up to the amount  that the  refinanced
     Existing  Indebtedness  was secured;  provided that the refinancing of such
     Existing  Indebtedness  is permitted by the  provisions of  (section)8.1(f)
     hereof; and

     (i)  liens securing Other Indebtedness.

     8.3.  Restrictions on Investments.

     Each of the  Borrower  and the Parent will not,  and will not permit any of
their  Subsidiaries  to,  make or permit to exist or to remain  outstanding  any
Investment except Investments in:

          (a) marketable  direct or guaranteed  obligations of the United States
     of America that mature within one (1) year from the date of purchase by the
     Borrower, the Parent or the applicable Subsidiary;

          (b) demand deposits,  certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and
     time  deposits of United  States  banks  having  total  assets in excess of
     $1,000,000,000;

          (c)  securities  commonly  known as  "commercial  paper"  issued  by a
     corporation  organized and existing  under the laws of the United States of
     America or any state  thereof that at the time of purchase  have been rated
     and the  ratings  for  which  are not less  than "P 1" if rated by  Moody's
     Investors Services,  Inc., and not less than "A 1" if rated by Standard and
     Poor's;  or other debt securities  issued by such a corporation that at the
     time of  purchase  have been rated and the  ratings  for which are not less
     than "A" if rated by either Moody's  Investors  Services,  Inc. or Standard
     and Poor's Corporation;

          (d)  obligations  issued  by (i) any  state of the  United  States  of
     America or (ii) any political  subdivision  of any such state or any public
     instrumentality  thereof  which are rated and the ratings for which are not
     less than "Aaa" if rated by Moody's  Investors  Services,  Inc. or "AAA" if
     rated by Standard & Poor's Corporation;

          (e)  Investments  in  shares  of any  so-called  "money  market  fund"
     provided that such fund is registered  under the Investment  Company Act of
     1940, has net assets of at least $100,000,000,  has an investment portfolio
     with an average  maturity of 365 days or less and is not considered to be a
     "high-yield" fund;

          (f) Investments existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 8.3
     hereto;

          (g)   Investments   with   respect  to   Indebtedness   permitted   by
     (section)8.1(g) so long as the applicable  Subsidiaries remain Subsidiaries
     of the Borrower or the Parent, as the case may be;

          (h)  Investments  consisting  of the  guaranty  by the  Parent  of the
     Obligations  hereunder,  or  Investments  by the  Borrower or the Parent in
     their Subsidiaries;

          (i) Investments  consisting of (A) loans and advances to employees for
     entertainment,  travel and other similar expenses in the ordinary course of
     business not to exceed  $200,000 in the aggregate at any time  outstanding,
     (B) loans to employees of the Parent, pursuant to the terms of the Parent's
     non-qualified  stock  option  plan,  secured by pledges of the stock of the
     Parent owned by such employee, not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate at
     any time  outstanding and (C) loans and advances to employees for moving or
     relocation  expenses not to exceed  $1,000,000 in the aggregate at any time
     outstanding;

          (j)  Investments  (i) in joint  ventures in lines of business that are
     similar or related to a line of business in which the Borrower, the Parent,
     or any of their Subsidiaries is then engaged,  not to exceed $25,000,000 in
     the  aggregate at any time,  and (ii) if the Parent shall own, at any time,
     less than a majority (by number of votes) of the  outstanding  Voting Stock
     of Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company Ltd., by the Parent in Tianjin Tanggu
     Watts Valve Company Ltd. not to exceed  $10,000,000  in the aggregate  plus
     the amount of any  unutilized  portion of the  $25,000,000  in  Investments
     otherwise permitted by this clause (j) at any time thereafter;

          (k)   Investments  in  stock  or  asset   acquisitions   permitted  by
     (section)8.5.1 hereof.

     8.4.  Distributions.

     The Borrower will not make any Distributions unless both immediately before
and  immediately  after such  Distribution,  no Default or Event of Default  has
occurred or is continuing.

     8.5.  Merger, Consolidation.

     8.5.1.  Mergers and Acquisitions.

     Neither the Borrower nor the Parent will, nor will they  permit any
of their Subsidiaries to,

          (a)  become a party to any  merger  or  consolidation  with any  other
     party, unless (i) such other party is in a line of business that is similar
     or related to a line of business in which the Borrower,  the Parent, or any
     of their Subsidiaries is then engaged,  (ii) the survivor of such merger or
     consolidation  is the  Borrower,  the Parent or a Subsidiary  of the Parent
     which is a corporation  organized and existing under the laws of the United
     States  or a state  thereof,  provided  that each of the  Borrower  and the
     Parent shall  survive any merger or  consolidation  to which it is a party,
     and (iii) immediately  following such merger or consolidation no Default or
     Event of Default has occurred or is continuing; or

          (b) agree to or  effect  any asset  acquisition  or stock  acquisition
     (other than the  acquisition  of assets in the ordinary  course of business
     consistent with past  practices)  unless (i) the business being so acquired
     is in a line of  business  that is similar or related to a line of business
     in which the Borrower,  the Parent,  or any of their  Subsidiaries  is then
     engaged,  (ii)  except to the  extent  permitted  by  (section)8.3(j),  the
     business  being  so  acquired  will  be run as  part  of  the  Parent  or a
     Subsidiary of the Parent, and (iii) immediately  following such acquisition
     no Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing.

     8.5.2.  Disposition of Assets.

     Neither the Borrower nor the Parent will, nor will they permit any of their
Subsidiaries  to,  become a party to or agree to or effect  any  disposition  of
assets  (including  capital  stock),  other than (i) the sale of  inventory  and
obsolete  equipment in the ordinary  course of  business,  consistent  with past
practices, or (ii) prior to the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default, the
disposition or sale of assets, in one or more arms-length transactions, having a
cumulative  aggregate  sales  price not to exceed (A) in any fiscal  year of the
Parent,   $70,000,000,   and  (B)  in  the  aggregate  from  the  Closing  Date,
$100,000,000;  provided  that,  the value as of the date of  disposition  of any
non-cash  assets  received  by the  Borrower,  the Parent or any  Subsidiary  in
payment of any portion of the  purchase  price shall be equal to the fair market
value of such assets.

     8.6.  Sale and Leaseback.

     Neither the Borrower nor the Parent will, nor will they permit any of their
Subsidiaries to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby any
of the Borrower,  the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer
any property  owned by it in order then or  thereafter to lease such property or
lease other property that such Person intends to use for  substantially the same
purpose  as  the  property  being  sold  or  transferred  ("Sale  and  Leaseback
Arrangements"), other than, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be  continuing,  Sale and  Leaseback  Arrangements  with respect to
property,  the net book value of which determined on a cumulative basis from the
Closing Date, shall not exceed $5,000,000 in the aggregate.

     8.7.  Compliance with Environmental Laws.

     Neither the Borrower nor the Parent will, nor will they permit any of their
Subsidiaries  to, (i) (a) use any of the Real Estate or any portion  thereof for
the handling,  processing, storage or disposal of Hazardous Substances except in
material  compliance  with all  Environmental  Laws,  (b)  cause or permit to be
located on any of the Real  Estate  any  underground  tank or other  underground
storage  receptacle  for  Hazardous  Substances  except in  compliance  with all
Environmental Laws, or (c) generate any Hazardous  Substances on any of the Real
Estate except in compliance with all Environmental  Laws, unless  non-compliance
could not have a materially adverse effect on the business,  assets or financial
condition of any of the Borrower or the Parent  individually,  or the Parent and
its Subsidiaries  taken as a whole, or (ii) (a) conduct any activity at any Real
Estate  or use any Real  Estate in any  manner  so as to cause a  release  (i.e.
releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging,
injecting,  escaping,  leaching,  disposing or dumping) or threatened release of
Hazardous  Substances  on,  upon or into the Real  Estate or  properties  in the
vicinity  thereof in  violation  of any  Environmental  Laws,  or (b)  otherwise
conduct  any  activity  at any Real  Estate or use any Real Estate in any manner
that would violate any  Environmental  Law in any material respect or bring such
Real  Estate  in  material  violation  of any  Environmental  Law,  unless  such
violation could not have a materially adverse effect on the business,  assets or
financial  condition of any of the Borrower or the Parent  individually,  or the
Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

     8.8.  Employee Benefit Plans.

     Neither the Borrower, the Parent nor any ERISA Affiliate thereof will:

          (a)  engage in any  "prohibited  transaction"  within  the  meaning of
     (section)406 of ERISA or  (section)4975 of the Code which could result in a
     material  liability  for any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent or any of their
     Subsidiaries; or

          (b)  permit  any  Guaranteed  Pension  Plan to incur  an  "accumulated
     funding  deficiency",  as such term is  defined in  (section)302  of ERISA,
     whether or not such deficiency is or may be waived; or

          (c) fail to  contribute  to any  Guaranteed  Pension Plan to an extent
     which,  or terminate any Guaranteed  Pension Plan in a manner which,  could
     result in the imposition of a material lien or material  encumbrance on the
     assets of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant to
     (section)302(f) or (section)4068 of ERISA; or

          (d)  permit or take any action  which  would  result in the  aggregate
     benefit  liabilities  (with the meaning of  (section)4001  of ERISA) of all
     Guaranteed Pension Plans exceeding by more than $2,500,000 the value of the
     aggregate  assets of such Plans,  disregarding for this purpose the benefit
     liabilities  and  assets of any such Plan with  assets in excess of benefit
     liabilities.

     8.9.  Certain Transactions.

     Except for arm's length  transactions  pursuant to which the Borrower,  the
Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  makes  payments in the ordinary  course of
business upon terms no less  favorable  than such Person could obtain from third
parties and except for payment of certain  legal fees of a voting  trust for the
Horne family stock,  and payment of expenses for  preparation  of tax returns of
certain  officers  and  directors of the Parent and its  Subsidiaries  and other
transactions  between the Borrower  and the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries
deemed  by  management  of the  Borrower  and the  Parent  in good  faith  to be
beneficial  to the Borrower and the Parent,  neither the Borrower nor the Parent
will,  nor  will  they  permit  any of their  Subsidiaries  to,  enter  into any
transaction  with any  officer,  director,  employee or  Affiliate of any of the
Borrower,  the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  (other  than for service as
employees,  officers and directors),  including any contract, agreement or other
arrangement  providing for the  furnishing  of services to or by,  providing for
rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise  requiring payments
to  or  from  any  such  officer,  director,   employee  or  Affiliate  or,  any
corporation,  partnership,  trust or other  entity  in which  any such  officer,
director,  employee or Affiliate  has a  substantial  interest or is an officer,
director, trustee or partner.

        9.  FINANCIAL COVENANTS OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT.

     9.1.  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.

     Neither the Borrower  nor the Parent will permit the Fixed Charge  Coverage
Ratio for any period of four  consecutive  fiscal  quarters  of the Parent to be
less than 3.00:1.00.

     9.2.  Leverage Ratio.

     Neither  the  Borrower  nor the Parent  will  permit the ratio of (i) Total
Funded Debt to (ii) the sum of (A) Total Funded Debt plus (B)  Consolidated  Net
Worth, to exceed 0.40:1.00 at any time.

     9.3.  Consolidated Tangible Net Worth.

     Neither the  Borrower  nor the Parent will permit at any time  Consolidated
Tangible Net Worth to be less than the sum of $220,000,000  plus an amount equal
to, on a  cumulative  basis,  50% of positive  Consolidated  Net Income for each
prior complete fiscal year of the Parent  subsequent to the fiscal year ended on
the Balance Sheet Date.

                            10. CLOSING CONDITIONS.

     The  obligations  of the Banks to make the initial  Revolving  Credit Loans
shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on or
prior to the Closing Date:

     10.1.  Loan Documents.

     Each of the Loan  Documents  shall have been duly executed and delivered by
the respective  parties thereto,  shall be in full force and effect and shall be
in form and substance  satisfactory  to each of the Banks.  Each Bank shall have
received a fully executed copy of each such document.

     10.2.  Certified Copies of Charter Documents.

     Each of the Banks shall have  received  from each of the  Borrower  and the
Parent, (i) a copy,  certified by a duly authorized officer of such Person to be
true and  complete  on the  Closing  Date,  of each of (a) its  charter or other
incorporation documents as in effect on such date of certification,  and (b) its
by-laws  as in  effect  on such  date and (ii) a  certificate  of good  standing
certified  by  the  Secretary  of  State  of the  jurisdiction  in  which  it is
incorporated and each state in which it is qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation.

     10.3.  Corporate Action.

     All  corporate  action  necessary  for the valid  execution,  delivery  and
performance by each of the Borrower and the Parent of this Credit  Agreement and
the other Loan  Documents to which it is or is to become a party shall have been
duly and effectively taken, and evidence thereof satisfactory to the Banks shall
have been provided to each of the Banks.

     10.4.  Incumbency Certificate.

     Each of the Banks shall have  received  from each of the  Borrower  and the
Parent an incumbency certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, signed by a duly
authorized  officer of such  Person,  and giving the name and bearing a specimen
signature of each  individual who shall be authorized:  (i) to sign, in the name
and on behalf of such Person, each of the Loan Documents to which such Person is
or is to become a party; (ii) in the case of the Borrower, to make Loan Requests
and Conversion  Requests;  and (iii) to give notices and to take other action on
its behalf under the Loan Documents.

     10.5.  Opinion of Counsel.

     Each of the Banks and the Agent  shall have  received a  favorable  opinion
addressed to the Banks and the Agent,  dated as of the Closing Date, in form and
substance  satisfactory to the Banks and the Agent and substantially in the form
of Exhibit D hereof,  from Goodwin,  Procter & Hoar, counsel to the Borrower and
the Parent, and each of the Borrower and the Parent instruct Goodwin,  Procter &
Hoar to deliver such opinion to the Banks and the Agent.

     10.6.  Proceedings and Documents.

     All  proceedings in connection with the  transactions  contemplated by this
Credit  Agreement,  the other Loan  Documents and all other  documents  incident
thereto shall be  satisfactory  in substance and in form to the Banks and to the
Agent and the Agent's Special Counsel, and the Banks, the Agent and such counsel
shall have received all information and such counterpart  originals or certified
or other copies of such documents as the Agent may reasonably request.

     10.7.  Payment of Fees.

     The  Borrower  shall have paid to the Agent the closing fee and the Agent's
fee pursuant to (sections)4.1 and 4.2, and all fees,  expenses and disbursements
of the Agent's Special Counsel accrued prior to the Closing Date.

                       11. CONDITIONS TO ALL BORROWINGS.

     The  obligations  of the  Banks to make any Loan,  whether  on or after the
Closing  Date,  shall  also be  subject  to the  satisfaction  of the  following
conditions precedent:

     11.1.  Representations True; No Event of Default.

     Each of the  representations  and  warranties of any of the  Borrower,  the
Parent and any of their  Subsidiaries  contained in this Credit  Agreement,  the
other Loan Documents or in any document or instrument  delivered  pursuant to or
in  connection  with this  Credit  Agreement  shall be true as of the date as of
which  they were made and shall also be true at and as of the time of the making
of such Loan,  with the same effect as if made at and as of that time (except to
the extent of changes resulting from  transactions  contemplated or permitted by
this Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and changes  occurring in the
ordinary  course of business that singly or in the aggregate are not  materially
adverse to the  business,  assets or financial  condition of the Borrower or the
Parent, individually or the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and to
the extent that such  representations  and  warranties  relate  expressly  to an
earlier  date) and no  Default or Event of Default  shall have  occurred  and be
continuing.  The  Agent  shall  have  received  a  certificate  from each of the
Borrower and the Parent signed by an  authorized  officer of such Person to such
effect.

     11.2.  No Legal Impediment.

     No change  shall have  occurred  in any law or  regulations  thereunder  or
interpretations thereof that in the reasonable opinion of any Bank would make it
illegal for such Bank to make such Loan.

     11.3.  Governmental Regulation.

     Each  Bank  shall  have  received  from the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any
regulatory   authority  such   statements  in  substance  and  form   reasonably
satisfactory  to  such  Bank as such  Bank  shall  require  for the  purpose  of
compliance with any applicable regulations of the Comptroller of the Currency or
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

               12.  EVENTS OF DEFAULT; ACCELERATION; ETC.

     12.1.  Events of Default and Acceleration.

     If any of the  following  events  ("Events of Default" or, if the giving of
notice or the lapse of time or both is required,  then,  prior to such notice or
lapse of time, "Defaults") shall occur:

          (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of the Loans when the
     same shall become due and  payable,  whether at the stated date of maturity
     or any accelerated date of maturity or at any other date fixed for payment;

          (b) the  Borrower  shall fail to pay any  interest  on the Loans,  the
     Facility  Fee, the Agent's fee, or other sums due hereunder or under any of
     the other Loan Documents,  within five (5) days after the same shall become
     due and payable,  whether at the stated date of maturity or any accelerated
     date of maturity or at any other date fixed for payment;

          (c) the  Borrower or the Parent shall fail to comply with any of their
     covenants contained in (sections)7 (other than (sections)7.2, 7.7, 7.10 and
     7.11), 8 or 9;

          (d) the Borrower or the Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries  shall fail
     to perform any term,  covenant or agreement  contained  herein or in any of
     the other Loan  Documents  (other than those  specified  elsewhere  in this
     (section)12)  for thirty (30) days after written notice of such failure has
     been given to the Borrower by the Agent;

          (e) any  representation  or warranty of the  Borrower or the Parent or
     any of their Subsidiaries in this Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan
     Documents or in any other document or instrument  delivered  pursuant to or
     in connection with this Credit  Agreement shall prove to have been false in
     any material respect upon the date when made or deemed to have been made or
     repeated;

          (f) any of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries shall
     fail to pay at  maturity,  or within any  applicable  period of grace,  any
     obligation  (including any guaranties thereof) in respect of borrowed money
     or credit received  (including  letters of credit issued for the account of
     the Borrower,  the Parent or any of its  Subsidiaries) or in respect of any
     Capitalized  Leases in excess of $10,000,000  in the aggregate,  or fail to
     observe or perform any material  term,  covenant or agreement  contained in
     any agreement by which it is bound,  evidencing or securing  borrowed money
     or credit  received  or in respect of any  Capitalized  Leases in excess of
     $10,000,000  in the  aggregate,  for such  period  of time as would  permit
     (assuming  the  giving of  appropriate  notice if  required)  the holder or
     holders thereof or of any obligations  issued  thereunder to accelerate the
     maturity thereof;

          (g) any of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries shall
     make an assignment  for the benefit of  creditors,  or admit in writing its
     inability  to pay or  generally  fail to pay its  debts as they  mature  or
     become due, or shall petition or apply for the  appointment of a trustee or
     other custodian,  liquidator or receiver of any of the Borrower, the Parent
     or any of their  Subsidiaries or of any  substantial  part of the assets of
     any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of their  Subsidiaries  or shall
     commence any case or other proceeding relating to any of the Borrower,  the
     Parent or any of their Subsidiaries  under any bankruptcy,  reorganization,
     arrangement,  insolvency,  readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation
     or similar law of any  jurisdiction,  now or hereafter in effect,  or shall
     take any action to authorize or in furtherance of any of the foregoing,  or
     if any such  petition  or  application  shall be filed or any such  case or
     other proceeding shall be commenced against any of the Borrower, the Parent
     or any of their Subsidiaries and any of the Borrower,  the Parent or any of
     their Subsidiaries shall indicate its approval thereof,  consent thereto or
     acquiescence  therein or such petition or  application  shall not have been
     dismissed within forty-five (45) days following the filing thereof;

          (h) a  decree  or  order  is  entered  appointing  any  such  trustee,
     custodian,  liquidator or receiver or adjudicating any of the Borrower, the
     Parent or any of their Subsidiaries  bankrupt or insolvent,  or approving a
     petition  in any such  case or other  proceeding,  or a decree or order for
     relief is entered in respect of any of the  Borrower,  the Parent or any of
     their  Subsidiaries in an involuntary case under federal bankruptcy laws as
     now or hereafter constituted;

          (i)  there  shall  remain  in  force,  undischarged,  unsatisfied  and
     unstayed, for more than thirty days, whether or not consecutive,  any final
     judgment  against  any  of  the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or  any  of  their
     Subsidiaries  that, with other outstanding  final judgments,  undischarged,
     against the Borrower,  the Parent and any of their Subsidiaries  exceeds in
     the aggregate $5,000,000;

          (j) (i) if any of the Loan Documents  shall be cancelled,  terminated,
     revoked or rescinded otherwise than in accordance with the terms thereof or
     with the express prior written agreement, consent or approval of the Banks,
     or (ii) any action at law,  suit or in equity or other legal  proceeding to
     cancel,  revoke or rescind any of the Loan Documents  shall be commenced by
     or on  behalf  of any of (A)  the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of  their
     Subsidiaries party thereto, or (B) any of the Horne family stockholders, or
     (C) any other  stockholder if such action,  suit or proceeding has not been
     dismissed or withdrawn within sixty (60) days of the commencement  thereof,
     or (iii) any court or any other  governmental  or  regulatory  authority or
     agency of competent  jurisdiction shall make a determination that, or issue
     a judgment,  order, decree or ruling to the effect that, any one or more of
     the Loan Documents is illegal,  invalid or unenforceable in accordance with
     the terms thereof;

          (k) with respect to any Guaranteed  Pension Plan, an ERISA  Reportable
     Event shall have occurred and the Majority  Banks shall have  determined in
     their reasonable discretion that such event reasonably could be expected to
     result in  liability  of any of the  Borrower,  the  Parent or any of their
     Subsidiaries  to the PBGC or such  Guaranteed  Pension Plan in an aggregate
     amount exceeding  $1,000,000 and such event in the circumstances  occurring
     reasonably could constitute  grounds for the termination of such Guaranteed
     Pension Plan by the PBGC or for the appointment by the  appropriate  United
     States District Court of a trustee to administer  such  Guaranteed  Pension
     Plan; or a trustee shall have been appointed by the United States  District
     Court to administer  such  Guaranteed  Pension Plan; or the PBGC shall have
     instituted proceedings to terminate such Guaranteed Pension Plan;

          (l) any of the Borrower, the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries shall
     be enjoined,  restrained  or in any way prevented by the order of any court
     or any  administrative  or regulatory  agency from  conducting any material
     part of its business and such order shall  continue in effect for more than
     thirty (30) days; or

          (m) the Parent shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the
     capital stock of the Borrower; or Timothy P. Horne and members of the Horne
     family (or any trusts or similar  entities  established  for the benefit of
     members of the Horne  family)  shall at any time  cease to own,  legally or
     beneficially,  at least fifty-one percent (51%) (by number of votes) of the
     Voting  Stock of the Parent;  or,  during any period of twelve  consecutive
     calendar months,  individuals who were directors or who were elected by the
     members  of the board of  directors  of the Parent on the first day of such
     period  shall cease to  constitute  a majority of the board of directors of
     the Parent.

     then,  and in any such event,  so long as the same may be  continuing,  the
Agent  may,  and upon the  request of the  Majority  Banks  shall,  by notice in
writing to the  Borrower  declare all amounts  owing with respect to this Credit
Agreement,  the  Notes  and the  other  Loan  Documents  to be,  and they  shall
thereupon  forthwith  become,  immediately due and payable without  presentment,
demand,  protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby  expressly
waived by the Borrower and the Parent;  provided  that in the event of any Event
of Default  specified in  (sections)12.1(g)  or 12.1(h),  all such amounts shall
become immediately due and payable  automatically and without any requirement of
notice from the Agent or any Bank.

     12.2.  Termination of Commitments.

     If any one or more of the Events of Default specified in  (sections)12.1(g)
or 12.1(h) shall occur, the Total Commitment shall forthwith  terminate and each
of the Banks shall be relieved of all obligations to make Loans to the Borrower.
If any other Event of Default shall have occurred and be  continuing,  the Agent
may and,  upon the  request  of the  Majority  Banks,  shall,  by  notice to the
Borrower,  terminate the Total Commitment,  and upon such notice being given the
Total  Commitment  shall  terminate  immediately  and each of the Banks shall be
relieved of all further  obligations to make Loans.  If any such notice is given
to the Borrower,  the Agent will forthwith furnish a copy thereof to each of the
Banks. No termination of the credit  hereunder shall relieve the Borrower or the
Parent of any of the Obligations or any of their existing  obligations to any of
the Banks arising under other agreements or instruments.

     12.3.  Remedies.

     In case any one or more of the Events of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing,  each Bank,  if owed any amount with respect to the Loans,  may, (i)
prior to  acceleration  of the maturity of the Loans pursuant to  (section)12.1,
with the consent of the Majority Banks but not otherwise, proceed to protect and
enforce  its  rights  by suit in  equity,  action  at law or  other  appropriate
proceeding,  whether for the specific  performance  of any covenant or agreement
contained  in  this  Credit  Agreement  and  the  other  Loan  Documents  or any
instrument  pursuant  to which  the  Obligations  to such  Bank  are  evidenced,
including  as  permitted  by  applicable  law  the  obtaining  of the  ex  parte
appointment of a receiver,  and, (ii) following  acceleration of the maturity of
the Loans pursuant to  (section)12.1,  proceed to enforce the payment thereof or
any other legal or equitable right of such Bank. No remedy herein conferred upon
any Bank or the Agent or the holder of any Note is intended to be  exclusive  of
any other remedy and each and every remedy shall be  cumulative  and shall be in
addition to every other remedy given  hereunder or now or hereafter  existing at
law or in equity or by statute or any other provision of law.

     12.4.  Distribution of Proceeds.

     In the event that,  following the  occurrence or during the  continuance of
any  Default  or Event of  Default,  the Agent or any Bank,  as the case may be,
receives  any  monies  in  connection  with the  enforcement  of any of the Loan
Documents such monies shall be distributed for application as follows:

     (a) First, to the payment of, or (as the case may be) the  reimbursement of
the Agent for or in respect of all reasonable costs, expenses, disbursements and
losses which shall have been  incurred or  sustained by the Agent in  connection
with the collection of such monies by the Agent, for the exercise, protection or
enforcement  by the  Agent of all or any of the  rights,  remedies,  powers  and
privileges  of the Agent  under this Credit  Agreement  or any of the other Loan
Documents  and in support of any  provision  of adequate  indemnity to the Agent
against all taxes or liens which by law shall have,  or may have,  priority over
the rights of the Agent to such monies;

     (b) Second,  to all other  Obligations  in such order or  preference as the
Majority Banks may determine;  provided,  however, that distributions in respect
of such Obligations  shall be made (i) pari passu among Obligations with respect
to the Agent's fee payable under (section)4.2 and all other Obligations and (ii)
Obligations  owing to the Banks with respect to each type of Obligation  such as
interest,  principal,  fees and expenses, shall be made among the Banks pro rata
based upon the amount of the Obligations  outstanding with respect to each Bank;
and provided,  further,  that the Agent may in its  reasonable  discretion  make
proper  allowance to take into account any Obligations not then due and payable;
and

     (c) Third, the excess, if any, shall be returned to the Borrower or to such
other Persons as are entitled thereto.

                                  13. SETOFF.

     Regardless of the adequacy of any collateral, during the continuance of any
Event of Default,  any deposits or other sums credited by or due from any of the
Banks to  either of the  Borrower  or the  Parent  and any  securities  or other
property  of the  Borrower or the Parent in the  possession  of such Bank may be
applied to or set off by such Bank  against the payment of  Obligations  and any
and all other liabilities,  direct, or indirect,  absolute or contingent, due or
to become due, now existing or hereafter arising,  of the Borrower or the Parent
to such Bank. Each of the Banks agrees with each other Bank that (i) except with
respect to the amount of any check or electronic  equivalent deposited with such
Bank and credited to the Borrower's or the Parent's account maintained with such
Bank which is subsequently  returned to the Borrower or the Parent unpaid, if an
amount to be set off is to be applied to  Indebtedness  of the  Borrower  or the
Parent to such Bank,  other than the Obligations  evidenced by the Notes held by
such Bank, such amount shall be applied ratably to such other  Indebtedness  and
to the  Obligations  evidenced by all such Notes held by such Bank,  and (ii) if
such Bank shall  receive from the  Borrower or the Parent,  whether by voluntary
payment,  exercise  of  the  right  of  setoff,   counterclaim,   cross  action,
enforcement of the claim evidenced by the Notes held by such Bank by proceedings
against the  Borrower  or the Parent at law or in equity or by proof  thereof in
bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation, receivership or similar proceedings, or
otherwise,  and shall  retain and apply to the payment of the Note or Notes held
by such  Bank any  amount  in  excess of its  ratable  portion  of the  payments
received by all of the Banks with respect to the Notes held by all of the Banks,
such Bank will make such disposition and arrangements  with the other Banks with
respect to such excess,  either by way of distribution,  pro tanto assignment of
claims,  subrogation  or  otherwise  as shall  result in each Bank  receiving in
respect of the Notes held by its  proportionate  payment as contemplated by this
Credit  Agreement;  provided  that if all or any part of such excess  payment is
thereafter  recovered from such Bank, such disposition and arrangements shall be
rescinded and the amount  restored to the extent of such  recovery,  but without
interest.

                                 14. THE AGENT.

     14.1.  Authorization.

          (a) The Agent is  authorized  to take such action on behalf of each of
     the Banks and to exercise all such powers as are hereunder and under any of
     the other Loan Documents and any related documents  delegated to the Agent,
     together with such powers as are reasonably incident thereto, provided that
     no duties or responsibilities not expressly assumed herein or therein shall
     be implied to have been assumed by the Agent.

          (b) The  relationship  between the Agent and each of the Banks is that
     of  an  independent  contractor.  The  use  of  the  term  "Agent"  is  for
     convenience  only and is used to  describe,  as a form of  convention,  the
     independent  contractual  relationship  between  the  Agent and each of the
     Banks.  Nothing  contained  in this  Credit  Agreement  nor the other  Loan
     Documents shall be construed to create an agency,  trust or other fiduciary
     relationship between the Agent and any of the Banks.

          (c) As an  independent  contractor  empowered by the Banks to exercise
     certain rights and perform  certain duties and  responsibilities  hereunder
     and  under  the  other  Loan   Documents,   the  Agent  is  nevertheless  a
     "representative"  of the Banks, as that term is defined in Article 1 of the
     Uniform  Commercial  Code,  for  purposes of actions for the benefit of the
     Banks and the Agent with respect to all collateral  security and guaranties
     contemplated  by the Loan  Documents,  if any.  Such  actions  include  the
     designation of the Agent as "secured party", "mortgagee" or the like on all
     financing statements and other documents and instruments,  whether recorded
     or  otherwise,  relating  to  the  attachment,   perfection,   priority  or
     enforcement  of any  security  interests,  mortgages  or  deeds of trust in
     collateral security intended to secure the payment or performance of any of
     the Obligations.

     14.2.  Employees and Agents.

     The Agent may  exercise  its  powers and  execute  its duties by or through
employees  or agents and shall be  entitled to take,  and to rely on,  advice of
counsel  concerning  all matters  pertaining to its rights and duties under this
Credit  Agreement  and the other  Loan  Documents.  The Agent  may  utilize  the
services  of such  Persons as the Agent in its sole  discretion  may  reasonably
determine,  and all  reasonable  fees and expenses of any such Persons  shall be
paid by the Borrower.

     14.3.  No Liability.

     Neither  the  Agent nor any of its  shareholders,  directors,  officers  or
employees nor any other Person  assisting  them in their duties nor any agent or
employee thereof,  shall be liable for any waiver,  consent or approval given or
any action taken,  or omitted to be taken, in good faith by it or them hereunder
or  under  any of  the  other  Loan  Documents,  or in  connection  herewith  or
therewith,  or be responsible for the  consequences of any oversight or error of
judgment whatsoever, except that the Agent or such other Person, as the case may
be, may be liable for losses due to its willful misconduct or gross negligence.

     14.4.  No Representations.

     The  Agent  shall not be  responsible  for the  execution  or  validity  or
enforceability  of this Credit Agreement (except for the execution by the Agent,
or the validity or enforceability  against the Agent, of this Credit Agreement),
the  Notes,  any of the  other  Loan  Documents  or any  instrument  at  anytime
constituting,  or intended to constitute,  collateral security for the Notes, or
for  the  value  of  any  such   collateral   security  or  for  the   validity,
enforceability  or  collectability of any such amounts owing with respect to the
Notes,  or for any recitals or statements,  warranties or  representations  made
herein or in any of the other Loan Documents or in any certificate or instrument
hereafter  furnished to it by or on behalf of the Borrower or the Parent,  or be
bound to ascertain or inquire as to the  performance or observance of any of the
terms,  conditions,  covenants or agreements  herein or in any instrument at any
time constituting, or intended to constitute,  collateral security for the Notes
or to inspect any of the  properties,  books or records of any of the  Borrower,
the  Parent  or any of  their  Subsidiaries.  The  Agent  shall  not be bound to
ascertain whether any notice,  consent, waiver or request delivered to it by the
Borrower  or the Parent or any  holder of any of the Notes  shall have been duly
authorized or is true, accurate and complete. The Agent has not made nor does it
now make any  representations  or  warranties,  express or implied,  nor does it
assume any  liability  to the Banks,  with respect to the credit  worthiness  or
financial  conditions  of  any of  the  Borrower,  the  Parent  or any of  their
Subsidiaries.  Each Bank  acknowledges  that it has,  independently  and without
reliance upon the Agent or any other Bank, and based upon such  information  and
documents  as it has  deemed  appropriate,  made  its own  credit  analysis  and
decision to enter into this Credit Agreement.

     14.5.  Payments.

          14.5.1.  Payments to Agent. A payment by the Borrower or the Parent to
     the Agent  hereunder or any of the other Loan  Documents for the account of
     any Bank shall constitute a payment to such Bank. The Agent agrees promptly
     to distribute to each Bank such Bank's pro rata share of payments  received
     by  the  Agent  for  the  account  of  the  Banks  except  as  provided  in
     (sections)4.6  through 4.8, 4.10 and 16 and as otherwise expressly provided
     herein or in any of the other Loan Documents.

          14.5.2.  Distribution  by Agent.  If in the  opinion  of the Agent the
     distribution of any amount received by it in such capacity hereunder, under
     the Notes or under any of the other  Loan  Documents  might  involve  it in
     liability,  it may refrain from making distribution until its right to make
     distribution   shall  have  been   adjudicated  by  a  court  of  competent
     jurisdiction.  If a court of competent  jurisdiction shall adjudge that any
     amount received and  distributed by the Agent is to be repaid,  each Person
     to whom any such  distribution  shall have been made shall  either repay to
     the Agent its proportionate share of the amount so adjudged to be repaid or
     shall  pay over the same in such  manner  and to such  Persons  as shall be
     determined by such court.

          14.5.3.  Delinquent  Banks.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary
     contained in this Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents,  any
     Bank that fails absent  notification  to the Agent by such Bank pursuant to
     (section)2.8.2 (i) to make available to the Agent its pro rata share of any
     Loan or (ii) to comply with the provisions of  (section)14  with respect to
     making  dispositions  and  arrangements  with the other  Banks,  where such
     Bank's share of any payment received, whether by setoff or otherwise, is in
     excess of its pro rata share of such  payments due and to payable to all of
     the Banks,  in each case as,  when and to the full  extent  required by the
     provisions  of  this  Credit  Agreement,  shall  be  deemed  delinquent  (a
     "Delinquent Bank") and shall be deemed a Delinquent Bank until such time as
     such  delinquency is satisfied.  A Delinquent  Bank shall be deemed to have
     assigned  any and all  payments  due to it from the Borrower or the Parent,
     whether on account of outstanding Loans,  interest,  fees or otherwise,  to
     the remaining  nondelinquent  Banks for  application  to, and reduction of,
     their  respective pro rata shares of all outstanding  Loans. The Delinquent
     Bank  hereby  authorizes  the  Agent to  distribute  such  payments  to the
     nondelinquent  Banks in proportion to their  respective  pro rata shares of
     all outstanding  Loans. A Delinquent Bank shall be deemed to have satisfied
     in full a  delinquency  when and if,  as a  result  of  application  of the
     assigned payments to all outstanding Loans of the nondelinquent  Banks, the
     Banks' respective pro rata shares of all outstanding Loans have returned to
     those in effect  immediately  prior to such  delinquency and without giving
     effect to the nonpayment causing such delinquency.

     14.6.  Holders of Notes.

     The Agent may deem and  treat the payee of any Note as the  absolute  owner
thereof for all purposes  hereof  until it shall have been  furnished in writing
with a different name by such payee or by a subsequent holder.

     14.7.  Indemnity.

     The Banks  ratably  agree hereby to indemnify  and hold  harmless the Agent
from and against any and all claims,  actions and suits  (whether  groundless or
otherwise),  losses,  damages, costs, expenses (including any expenses for which
the Agent has not been  reimbursed by the Borrower as required by  (section)15),
and liabilities of every nature and character  arising out of or related to this
Credit  Agreement,  the  Notes,  or any  of  the  other  Loan  Documents  or the
transactions contemplated or evidenced hereby or thereby, or the Agent's actions
taken  hereunder or thereunder,  except to the extent that any of the same shall
be directly caused by the willful  misconduct or gross  negligence of any of the
Agent,  its directors,  officers or employees or any other Person assisting them
in their duties or any agent or employee thereof.

     14.8.  Agent as Bank.

     In its individual  capacity,  FNBB shall have the same  obligations and the
same rights,  powers and  privileges in respect to its  Commitment and the Loans
made by it, and as the holder of any of the Notes,  as it would have were it not
also the Agent.

     14.9.  Resignation.

     The Agent may resign at any time by giving  sixty  (60) days prior  written
notice  thereof to the Banks and the Borrower.  Upon any such  resignation,  the
Majority  Banks  shall have the right to  appoint a  successor  Agent.  Unless a
Default  or Event  of  Default  shall  have  occurred  and be  continuing,  such
successor Agent shall be reasonably  acceptable to the Borrower. If no successor
Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Banks and shall have accepted
such  appointment  within thirty (30) days after the retiring  Agent's giving of
notice of  resignation,  then the  retiring  Agent may,  on behalf of the Banks,
appoint a  successor  Agent,  which shall be a  financial  institution  having a
rating of not less than A or its  equivalent  by Standard & Poor's  Corporation.
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor  Agent,
such successor Agent shall  thereupon  succeed to and become vested with all the
rights,  powers,  privileges and duties of the retiring Agent,  and the retiring
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations  hereunder.  After any
retiring  Agent's  resignation,  the provisions of this Credit Agreement and the
other Loan Documents  shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any
actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Agent.

     14.10.  Notification of Defaults and Events of Default.

     Each Bank hereby  agrees that,  upon learning of the existence of a Default
or an Event of Default,  it shall promptly  notify the Agent thereof.  The Agent
hereby agrees that upon receipt of any notice under this (section)14.10 it shall
promptly  notify the other Banks of the  existence  of such  Default or Event of
Default.

                                 15. EXPENSES.

     The  Borrower  agrees  to pay (i) the  reasonable  costs of  producing  and
reproducing  this  Credit  Agreement,  the other  Loan  Documents  and the other
agreements and instruments mentioned herein, in connection with the preparation,
administration or interpretation of such documents,  the closing hereunder,  and
any  amendments,  restatements,  modifications,  approvals,  consents or waivers
hereto or  hereunder,  (ii) any taxes  (including  any interest and penalties in
respect  thereto)  payable  by the Agent or any of the Banks  (other  than taxes
based  upon the  Agent's or any  Bank's  net  income) on or with  respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Credit Agreement (the Borrower hereby agreeing
to indemnify the Agent and each Bank with respect thereto), (iii) the reasonable
fees,  expenses and  disbursements  of the Agent's Special  Counsel  incurred in
connection with the preparation,  administration  or  interpretation of the Loan
Documents and other instruments  mentioned herein,  the closing  hereunder,  and
amendments, restatements,  modifications,  approvals, consents or waivers hereto
or hereunder,  (iv) the reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of the Agent
incurred  by  the  Agent  in  connection  with  the  preparation,   syndication,
administration  or  interpretation  of the Loan Documents and other  instruments
mentioned  herein,  provided that amounts  attributable to syndication  expenses
shall  not  exceed  $5,000,  and  (vi)  all  reasonable  out-of-pocket  expenses
(including   without   limitation   reasonable   attorneys'   fees,   costs  and
disbursements,  which  attorneys shall be outside counsel to the Agent or any of
the Banks, and reasonable consulting,  accounting, appraisal, investment banking
and similar  professional  fees and charges) incurred by the Agent or any of the
Banks in connection  with (A) the enforcement of or preservation of rights under
any of the Loan  Documents  against  the  Borrower or the Parent or any of their
Subsidiaries or the administration  thereof after the occurrence of a Default or
Event of Default and (B) any  litigation,  proceeding or dispute whether arising
hereunder or otherwise,  in any way related to the Agent's relationship with the
Borrower,  the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries,  provided,  however that the
Agent shall refund any amounts paid pursuant to the terms of this (section)15 to
the extent that they have been determined by a court of competent  jurisdiction,
by final  order,  to have  been  incurred  solely as a result of a breach by the
Agent of its  obligations  under this Credit  Agreement.  The  covenants of this
(section)15  shall survive  payment or  satisfaction of payment of amounts owing
with respect to the Obligations.

                              16. INDEMNIFICATION.

     The Borrower  agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Agent and the Banks
and their respective affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or other
representatives  from and  against  any and all  actual  or  threatened  claims,
actions and suits whether groundless or otherwise,  and from and against any and
all  liabilities,  losses,  damages and expenses of every  nature and  character
arising out of this Credit  Agreement or any of the other Loan  Documents or the
transactions contemplated hereby including,  without limitation,  (i) any actual
or proposed use by any of the Borrower,  the Parent or any of their Subsidiaries
of the proceeds of any of the Loans, (ii) any of the Borrower, the Parent or any
of their  Subsidiaries  entering into or performing this Credit Agreement or any
of the other Loan  Documents or (iii) with respect to any of the  Borrower,  the
Parent and any of their Subsidiaries and their respective properties and assets,
the violation of any Environmental Law, the presence, disposal, escape, seepage,
leakage,  spillage,  discharge,  emission,  release or threatened release of any
Hazardous Substances or any action, suit, proceeding or investigation brought or
threatened with respect to any Hazardous Substances (including,  but not limited
to  claims  with  respect  to  wrongful  death,  personal  injury  or  damage to
property), in each case including,  without limitation,  the reasonable fees and
disbursements  of counsel  incurred in connection  with any such  investigation,
litigation or other proceeding.  In litigation, or the preparation therefor, the
Banks and the Agent  shall be  entitled  to select  their own  counsel  and,  in
addition to the  foregoing  indemnity,  the Borrower  agrees to pay promptly the
reasonable  fees and expenses of such  counsel if (x) in the written  opinion of
counsel to the Agent,  use of counsel of the Borrower's  choice could reasonably
be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest,  or (y) the  Borrower  shall
not have employed counsel reasonably  satisfactory to the Agent and the Banks to
represent  the Agent and the Banks  within  reasonable  time after notice of the
institution of any such litigation or proceeding. If, and to the extent that the
obligations of the Borrower under this  (section)16  are  unenforceable  for any
reason,  the  Borrower  hereby  agrees to make the maximum  contribution  to the
payment  in  satisfaction  of  such  obligations   which  is  permissible  under
applicable  law. The  covenants  contained  in this  (section)16  shall  survive
payment of satisfaction in full of the Obligations.

                        17. SURVIVAL OF COVENANTS, ETC.

     All covenants,  agreements,  representations and warranties made herein, in
the  Notes,  in any of the other Loan  Documents  or in any  documents  or other
papers  delivered  by or on behalf of the  Borrower,  the Parent or any of their
Subsidiaries  pursuant  hereto  shall be deemed to have been  relied upon by the
Banks and the Agent,  notwithstanding any investigation  heretofore or hereafter
made by any of them, and shall survive the making by the Banks of the Loans,  as
herein contemplated,  and shall continue in full force and effect so long as any
Obligations  under this Credit  Agreement  or the Notes or any of the other Loan
Documents remains  outstanding or any Bank has any obligation to make any Loans,
and for such further time as may be otherwise expressly specified in this Credit
Agreement.  All statements contained in any certificate or other paper delivered
to any Bank or the Agent at any time by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Parent
or  any  of  their  Subsidiaries  pursuant  hereto  or in  connection  with  the
transactions contemplated hereby shall constitute representations and warranties
by the Borrower, the Parent or such Subsidiary hereunder.

                       18. ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATION.

     18.1.  Conditions to Assignment by Banks.

     Except as  provided  herein,  each Bank may assign to one or more  Eligible
Assignees all or a portion of its interests,  rights and obligations  under this
Credit  Agreement  (including all or a portion of its Commitment  Percentage and
Commitment  and the same  portion  of the Loans at the time owing to it) and the
Notes held by it; provided that (i) the Agent shall have given its prior written
consent to such assignment,  which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed,  (ii) prior to the  occurrence or  continuance of a Default or Event of
Default,  the Borrower  shall have given its prior  written  consent to all such
assignments  in amounts of less than  $20,000,000,  which  consent  shall not be
unreasonably  withheld or delayed (it being  understood  by the parties  that no
consent  of the  Borrower  shall be  required  for  assignments  in  amounts  of
$20,000,000  or in excess thereof or following the occurrence of a Default or an
Event of Default),  (iii) each such assignment shall be of a constant, and not a
varying,  percentage of all the assigning  Bank's rights and  obligations  under
this Credit Agreement, and (iv) the parties to such assignment shall execute and
deliver to the Agent, for recording in the Register (as hereinafter defined), an
Assignment  and  Acceptance,  substantially  in the form of Exhibit E hereto (an
"Assignment  and   Acceptance"),   together  with  any  Notes  subject  to  such
assignment.  Upon such execution,  delivery,  acceptance and recording, from and
after the effective date  specified in each  Assignment  and  Acceptance,  which
effective  date shall be at least  five (5)  Business  Days after the  execution
thereof,  (i) the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent
provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a
Bank  hereunder,  and (ii) the assigning Bank shall,  to the extent  provided in
such assignment and upon payment to the Agent of the  registration  fee referred
to in  (section)18.3,  be  released  from  its  obligations  under  this  Credit
Agreement.

     18.2.    Certain   Representations  and  Warranties;   Limitations;
Covenants.

     By executing and  delivering an Assignment and  Acceptance,  the parties to
the  assignment  thereunder  confirm  to and agree with each other and the other
parties hereto as follows:

          (a) other than the  representation  and warranty  that it is the legal
     and beneficial  owner of the interest being assigned thereby free and clear
     of any  adverse  claim,  the  assigning  Bank  makes no  representation  or
     warranty, express or implied, and assumes no responsibility with respect to
     any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with
     this Credit Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability,
     genuineness,  sufficiency or value of this Credit Agreement, the other Loan
     Documents or any other instrument or document  furnished pursuant hereto or
     the  attachment,  perfection  or  priority  of  any  security  interest  or
     mortgage;

          (b) the assigning Bank makes no representation or warranty and assumes
     no  responsibility  with respect to the  financial  condition of any of the
     Borrower,  the  Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  or any  other  Person
     primarily or secondarily  liable in respect of any of the  Obligations,  or
     the performance or observance by any of the Borrower,  the Parent or any of
     their  Subsidiaries or any other Person primarily or secondarily  liable in
     respect of any of the  Obligations of any of their  obligations  under this
     Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any other instrument
     or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto;

          (c) such assignee  confirms that it has received a copy of this Credit
     Agreement,  together  with copies of the most recent  financial  statements
     referred to in (section)6.4  and  (section)7.4 and such other documents and
     information as it has deemed  appropriate  to make its own credit  analysis
     and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance;

          (d) such assignee will,  independently  and without  reliance upon the
     assigning Bank, the Agent or any other Bank and based on such documents and
     information as it shall deem appropriate at the time,  continue to make its
     own credit  decisions  in taking or not  taking  action  under this  Credit
     Agreement;

          (e) such  assignee  represents  and  warrants  that it is an  Eligible
     Assignee;

          (f) such  assignee  appoints  and  authorizes  the  Agent to take such
     action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Credit
     Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agent by the
     terms  hereof  or  thereof,  together  with such  powers as are  reasonably
     incidental thereto;

          (g) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their
     terms all of the obligations that by the terms of this Credit Agreement are
     required to be performed by it as a Bank; and

          (h)  such  assignee   represents  and  warrants  that  it  is  legally
     authorized to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance.

     18.3.  Register.

     The Agent shall maintain a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered
to it and a register or similar list (the "Register") for the recordation of the
names and addresses of the Banks and the Commitment Percentage of, and principal
amount of the Revolving  Credit Loans owing to the Banks from time to time.  The
entries in the Register shall be conclusive,  in the absence of manifest  error,
and the  Borrower,  the Agent and the Banks may treat each Person  whose name is
recorded in the  Register as a Bank  hereunder  for all  purposes of this Credit
Agreement.  Upon each such recordation,  the assigning Bank agrees to pay to the
Agent a registration fee in the sum of $2,500.

     18.4.  New Notes.

     Upon its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by the parties to
such assignment,  together with each Note subject to such assignment,  the Agent
shall (i) record the  information  contained  therein in the Register,  and (ii)
give  prompt  notice  thereof  to the  Borrower  and the Banks  (other  than the
assigning Bank). Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the
Borrower,  at its own  expense,  shall  execute  and  deliver to the  Agent,  in
exchange for each  surrendered  Note,  a new Note to the order of such  Eligible
Assignee  in an amount  equal to the amount  assumed by such  Eligible  Assignee
pursuant  to such  Assignment  and  Acceptance  and, if the  assigning  Bank has
retained some portion of its obligations  hereunder,  a new Note to the order of
the  assigning  Bank in an amount equal to the amount  retained by it hereunder.
Such new Notes shall  provide  that they are  replacements  for the  surrendered
Notes,  shall  be in an  aggregate  principal  amount  equal  to  the  aggregate
principal amount of the surrendered  Notes, shall be dated the effective date of
such Assignment and Acceptance and shall otherwise be in substantially  the form
of the  assigned  Notes.  Within  five (5)  days of  issuance  of any new  Notes
pursuant  to this  (section)18.4,  the  Borrower  shall  deliver  an  opinion of
counsel,   addressed   to  the  Banks  and  the  Agent,   relating  to  the  due
authorization,  execution  and  delivery  of such new  Notes  and the  legality,
validity and binding effect thereof,  in form and substance  satisfactory to the
Banks. The surrendered Notes shall be cancelled and returned to the Borrower.

     18.5.  Participations.

     Each Bank may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities in
all or a portion  of such  Bank's  rights  and  obligations  under  this  Credit
Agreement   and  the  other  Loan   Documents;   provided  that  (i)  each  such
participation  shall be in an amount of not less than  $5,000,000  (ii) any such
sale or participation shall not affect the rights and duties of the selling Bank
hereunder to the Borrower and (iii) the only rights  granted to the  participant
pursuant to such participation arrangements with respect to waivers,  amendments
or  modifications  of the Loan Documents shall be the rights to approve waivers,
amendments or  modifications  that would reduce the principal of or the interest
rate on any Loans,  extend the term or increase the amount of the  Commitment of
such Bank as it relates to such participant, reduce the amount of any commitment
fees to which such  participant  is entitled or extend any  regularly  scheduled
payment date for principal or interest.

     18.6.  Disclosure.

     The Borrower agrees that in addition to disclosures made in accordance with
standard and customary  banking practices and (section)19  hereof,  any Bank may
disclose  information obtained by such Bank pursuant to this Credit Agreement to
assignees or participants  and potential  assignees or  participants  hereunder;
provided  that  such  assignees  or  participants  or  potential   assignees  or
participants shall agree (i) to treat in confidence such information unless such
information  otherwise  becomes  public  knowledge,  (ii) not to  disclose  such
information  to a third  party,  except as required by law or legal  process and
(iii) not to make use of such information for purposes of transactions unrelated
to such contemplated assignment or participation.

     18.7.  Assignee or Participant Affiliated with the Borrower.

     If any assignee  Bank is an  Affiliate of the Borrower or the Parent,  then
any such assignee Bank shall have no right to vote as a Bank  hereunder or under
any of the other Loan Documents for purposes of granting  consents or waivers or
for purposes of agreeing to amendments or other modifications to any of the Loan
Documents  or  for  purposes  of  making  requests  to  the  Agent  pursuant  to
(section)12.1  or  (section)12.2,  and the  determination  of the Majority Banks
shall for all purposes of this  Agreement  and the other Loan  Documents be made
without regard to such assignee Bank's interest in any of the Loans. If any Bank
sells a  participating  interest in any of the Loans to a participant,  and such
participant is the Borrower or the Parent or an Affiliate of the Borrower or the
Parent, then such transferor Bank shall promptly notify the Agent of the sale of
such  participation.  A  transferor  Bank  shall have no right to vote as a Bank
hereunder  or under any of the other Loan  Documents  for  purposes  of granting
consents or waivers or for purposes of agreeing to amendments  or  modifications
to any of the Loan  Documents  or for  purposes of making  requests to the Agent
pursuant to (section)12.1 or (section)12.2 to the extent that such participation
is  beneficially  owned by the  Borrower or the Parent or any  Affiliate  of the
Borrower or the Parent,  and the  determination  of the Majority Banks shall for
all  purposes of this  Agreement  and the other Loan  Documents  be made without
regard to the  interest  of such  transferor  Bank in the Loans to the extent of
such participation.

     18.8.  Miscellaneous Assignment Provisions.

     Any assigning  Bank shall retain its rights to be  indemnified  pursuant to
(section)16  with respect to any claims or actions  arising prior to the date of
such assignment.  If any assignee Bank is not incorporated under the laws of the
United States of America or any state  thereof,  it shall,  prior to the date on
which any interest or fees are payable  hereunder or under any of the other Loan
Documents for its account,  deliver to the Borrower and the Agent  certification
as to its exemption  from  deduction or withholding of any United States federal
income taxes.  If FNBB  transfers all of its  interest,  rights and  obligations
under this Credit Agreement,  the Agent shall, in consultation with the Borrower
and with the consent of the  Borrower and the Majority  Banks,  appoint  another
Bank to act as a reference  Bank for the purpose of  determining  the Eurodollar
Rate  hereunder.   Anything  contained  in  this  (section)18  to  the  contrary
notwithstanding,  any Bank  may at any time  pledge  all or any  portion  of its
interest and rights under this Credit Agreement (including all or any portion of
its Notes) to any of the twelve Federal Reserve Banks organized under (section)4
of the  Federal  Reserve  Act,  12 U.S.C.  (section)341.  No such  pledge or the
enforcement  thereof  shall  release  the  pledgor  Bank  from  its  obligations
hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents.

     18.9.  Assignment by Borrower.

     Neither the  Borrower  nor the Parent  shall  assign or transfer any of its
rights or obligations  under any of the Loan Documents without the prior written
consent of each of the Banks.

                              19. CONFIDENTIALITY.

     Until three (3) years  following the date on which the relevant Bank has no
obligation  to make  any  Loan  and no Loan or  Note in  favor  of such  Bank is
outstanding, all confidential information and documents concerning the Borrower,
the Parent or any of their  Subsidiaries  supplied by the Borrower or the Parent
to any Bank pursuant to the terms of this Credit  Agreement  (collectively,  the
"Information")  which information shall be deemed  confidential and will be held
in  confidence  by such Bank in accordance  with its  customary  procedures  for
handling  confidential  information  of this  nature  and such  Banks  shall not
disclose  such  Information,  except  that each of the  Borrower  and the Parent
hereby  authorizes  each Bank to  disclose  any  Information  or any other  Loan
Document  (i)  to  any  bank  regulatory   authority,   governmental  agency  or
representative  thereof, (ii) to any officer,  director or employee of such Bank
who has reason to know such  Information or any  independent  auditor,  counsel,
agent or other  representative  of such  Bank,  provided  that such  independent
auditor,  counsel,  agent or other representative  enters into a confidentiality
agreement with the Borrower  substantially similar to such Bank's agreement with
the Borrower,  (iii) to any participant or assignee or potential  participant or
potential  assignee  pursuant  to the terms of  (section)18.6  hereof,  and (iv)
pursuant  to  subpoena,  court  order,  or legal  process but only to the extent
required  by  applicable  laws and  regulations,  including  those  applying  to
classified material.

                               20. NOTICES, ETC.

     Except as  otherwise  expressly  provided  in this  Credit  Agreement,  all
notices and other  communications  made or required to be given pursuant to this
Credit  Agreement  or the Notes  shall be in writing and shall be  delivered  in
hand, mailed by United States registered or certified first class mail,  postage
prepaid, sent by overnight courier, or sent by telegraph,  telecopy,  telefax or
telex and  confirmed  by delivery  via courier or postal  service,  addressed as
follows:

          (a) if to the  Borrower,  at 715  King  Street,  Wilmington,  Delaware
     19801, Attention: Kenneth Kubacki (with a copy to the Parent at the address
     set forth below), or at such other address for notice as the Borrower shall
     last have furnished in writing to the Person giving the notice;

          (b)  if  to  the  Parent,  at  815  Chestnut  Street,  North  Andover,
     Massachusetts 01845, Attention: William McCartney, or at such other address
     for notice as the Parent shall last have furnished in writing to the Person
     giving the notice;

          (c) if to the Agent,  at 100  Federal  Street,  Boston,  Massachusetts
     02110, USA, Attention: Harvey H. Thayer, Jr., Vice President, or such other
     address for notice as the Agent shall last have furnished in writing to the
     Person giving the notice; and

          (d) if to any Bank,  at such  Bank's  address  set forth on Schedule 1
     hereto,  or such  other  address  for  notice as such Bank  shall have last
     furnished in writing to the Person giving the notice.

     Any such  notice or demand  shall be deemed to have been duly given or made
and to have become  effective  (i) if  delivered by hand,  overnight  courier or
facsimile to a responsible officer of the party to which it is directed,  at the
time of the receipt thereof by such officer or the sending of such facsimile and
(ii) if sent by registered or certified  first-class mail,  postage prepaid,  on
the third Business Day following the mailing thereof.

                               21. GOVERNING LAW.

     THIS  CREDIT  AGREEMENT  AND EACH OF THE OTHER  LOAN  DOCUMENTS,  EXCEPT AS
OTHERWISE  SPECIFICALLY  PROVIDED  THEREIN,  ARE CONTRACTS UNDER THE LAWS OF THE
COMMONWEALTH  OF  MASSACHUSETTS  AND  SHALL FOR ALL  PURPOSES  BE  CONSTRUED  IN
ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF SAID  COMMONWEALTH OF  MASSACHUSETTS
(EXCLUDING  THE LAWS  APPLICABLE  TO  CONFLICTS  OR CHOICE OF LAW).  EACH OF THE
BORROWER AND THE PARENT AGREES THAT ANY SUIT FOR THE  ENFORCEMENT OF THIS CREDIT
AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE
COMMONWEALTH OF  MASSACHUSETTS OR ANY FEDERAL COURT SITTING THEREIN AND CONSENTS
TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURT AND THE SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY
SUCH SUIT BEING  MADE UPON THE  BORROWER  OR THE  PARENT BY MAIL AT THE  ADDRESS
SPECIFIED IN (section)20.  EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE PARENT HEREBY WAIVES ANY
OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT OR ANY
SUCH COURT OR THAT SUCH SUIT IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT.

                                 22. HEADINGS.

     The captions in this Credit Agreement are for convenience of reference only
and shall not define or limit the provisions hereof.

                               23. COUNTERPARTS.

     This Credit  Agreement and any amendment  hereof may be executed in several
counterparts and by each party on a separate counterpart,  each of which when so
executed and delivered  shall be an original,  and all of which  together  shall
constitute  one  instrument.  In proving  this Credit  Agreement it shall not be
necessary to produce or account for more than one such counterpart signed by the
party against whom enforcement is sought.

                           24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ETC.

     The Loan Documents and any other documents executed in connection  herewith
or therewith express the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the
transactions  contemplated  hereby.  Neither this Credit  Agreement nor any term
hereof may be changed, waived,  discharged or terminated,  except as provided in
(section)26.

                           25. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

     Each of  Borrower,  the Parent,  the agent and each bank hereby  waives its
right to a jury trial with  respect  to any action or claim  arising  out of any
dispute in connection with this Credit Agreement,  the Notes or any of the other
Loan  Documents,  any  rights or  obligations  hereunder  or  thereunder  or the
performance of such rights and obligations. Except as prohibited by law, each of
the  Borrower  and the  Parent  hereby  waives any right it may have to claim or
recover in any  litigation  referred to in the  preceding  sentence any special,
exemplary,  punitive or  consequential  damages or any damages other than, or in
addition to, actual  damages.  Each of the Borrower and the Parent (i) certifies
that  no  representative,  agent  or  attorney  of any  Bank  or the  Agent  has
represented,  expressly or otherwise,  that such Bank or the Agent would not, in
the  event  of  litigation,  seek to  enforce  the  foregoing  waivers  and (ii)
acknowledges  that the Agent and the Banks have been  induced to enter into this
Credit  Agreement,  the other Loan  Documents  to which it is a party by,  among
other things, the waivers and certifications contained herein.

                26.  CONSENTS, AMENDMENTS, WAIVERS, ETC.

     Except as  otherwise  expressly  provided  in this  Credit  Agreement,  any
consent or approval  required or permitted by this Credit  Agreement to be given
by one or more or all of the  Banks may be  given,  and any term of this  Credit
Agreement or of any other  instrument  related hereto or mentioned herein may be
amended,  and the performance or observance by the Borrower or the Parent of any
terms of this Credit  Agreement or such other  instrument or the  continuance of
any  Default  or  Event of  Default  may be  waived  (either  generally  or in a
particular  instance and either  retroactively or prospectively)  with, but only
with,  the  written  consent  of the  Borrower  and the  written  consent of the
Majority  Banks.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the rate of  interest on the
Notes, the payment date for principal,  interest or fees hereunder,  the term of
the  Notes,  the  amount of the  Commitments  of the  Banks,  the  amount of the
Facility  Fee  hereunder,  and this  (section)26  may not be changed nor may the
guaranty of the Parent set forth in (section)5 be released,  without the written
consent of the Borrower and the written  consent of each Bank affected  thereby;
the definition of Majority Banks may not be amended  without the written consent
of all of the Banks;  and the amount of the Agent's fee and  (section)14 may not
be amended  without the written  consent of the Agent. No waiver shall extend to
or affect any  obligation  not expressly  waived or impair any right  consequent
thereon. No course of dealing or delay or omission on the part of either Bank in
exercising  any  right  shall  operate  as a  waiver  thereof  or  otherwise  be
prejudicial  thereto.  No notice to or demand  upon the  Borrower  or the Parent
shall entitle the Borrower or the Parent to other or further notice or demand in
similar or other circumstances.

                               27. SEVERABILITY.

     The provisions of this Credit Agreement are severable and if any one clause
or provision  hereof shall be held invalid or  unenforceable in whole or in part
in any jurisdiction,  then such invalidity or unenforceability shall affect only
such clause or provision,  or part thereof, in such jurisdiction,  and shall not
in any manner affect such clause or provision in any other jurisdiction,  or any
other clause or provision of this Credit Agreement in any jurisdiction.

<PAGE>


     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  have  duly  executed  this  Credit
Agreement as a sealed instrument as of the date first set forth above.

                                        WATTS INVESTMENT COMPANY

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________





                                        THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                          individually and as Agent

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________




                                        FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK OF NORTH
                                          CAROLINA

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________





                                        MELLON BANK, N.A.

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________





                                        THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________





                                        CREDIT LYONNAIS CAYMAN ISLAND BRANCH

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________




                                        BROWN BROTHERS HARRIMAN & CO.

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________





                                        WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC., as Guarantor

                                        By:
                                          ______________________________


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>9
<TEXT>

                                EXHIBIT 21

        DIRECT AND INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES OF WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.

DOMESTIC:

Watts Automatic Control Valve, Inc. [Delaware]
Watts International Sales Corp. [Massachusetts]
Watts Investment Company [Delaware]
Watts Regulator Company [Massachusetts]
Watts Securities Corp. [Massachusetts]
Circle Seal Controls, Inc. [Delaware]
Green Country Castings, Inc. [Oklahoma]
Henry Pratt Company [Delaware]
James Jones Company [California]
KF Industries, Inc. [Oklahoma]
KF Sales Corp. [Delaware]
Rudolph Labranche, Inc. [New Hampshire]
Leslie Controls, Inc. [New Jersey]
Nicholson Steam Trap, Inc. [Delaware]
Spence Engineering Company, Inc. [Delaware]
Ancon U.S.A., Inc. [Delaware]
Jameco Acquisition Corp. [Delaware]
Jameco Industries, Inc. [New York]

INTERNATIONAL:

Watts Industries (Canada) Inc. [Canada]
Watts Industries Europe B.V. [The Netherlands]
Watts Industries France S.A. [France]
Watts Ocean GmbH [Germany]
Wattsco International [U.S. Virgin Islands]
Watts Ocean BV [The Netherlands]
Watts SFR SA [France]
Watts UK Ltd. [United Kingdom]
Edward Barber & Co. Ltd. [United Kingdom]
Edward Barber (UK) Ltd. [United Kingdom]
G.R.C. Controls SA [Spain]
HST AG [Switzerland]
HST GmbH [Austria]
Intermes SpA [Italy]
KF Industries, Ltd. [United Kingdom]
Kingsworth Products Ltd. [United Kingdom]
Leslie International V.I. [Virgin Islands]
M.T.R GmbH [Germany]
Ocean B.V. [The Netherlands]
Watts Industries AG [Switzerland]
V.R.A. BvbA [Belgian]
Jameco Export Sales Corporation [U.S. Virgin Islands]
Multiscope SpA
Watts Intermes LDA [Portugal]
WIG Armaturen Vertriebs, GmbH [Germany]
WSA Heizungs und Sanitartechnik GmbH [Germnay]
WIC Verwaltungs und Beteiligungs GmbH [Germany]

<PAGE>

<PAGE>
 
                               EXHIBIT 21

        DIRECT AND INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES OF WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.

In addition to the foregoing, the Company holds an 89% interest
in R.G. Laurence Company, Inc. [New Jersey], an 80% interest in
Londa SpA [Italy], a 55% interest in ISI SpA [Italy] and a 60%
interest in Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company Limited, a Chinese
joint venture.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 27 (FDS) FILED WITH FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>       5
<LEGEND>
 
THE SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM
THE REGISTRANTS STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED EARNINGS AND CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994 AND IS QUALIFIED
IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<CIK> 0000795403
<NAME>  WATTS INDUSTRIES, INC.
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                                   <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                         YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                     JUN-30-1994
<PERIOD-START>                        JUL-01-1993
<PERIOD-END>                          JUN-30-1994
<CASH>                                     65,000<F1>
<SECURITIES>                                    0
<RECEIVABLES>                              83,830
<ALLOWANCES>                                4,488
<INVENTORY>                               153,080 
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                          320,879
<PP&E>                                    230,375 
<DEPRECIATION>                             94,126 
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                            558,850
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                      74,348
<BONDS>                                    92,268 
<COMMON>                                    2,948
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                           0
<PREFERRED>                                     0
<OTHER-SE>                                358,603
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>              558,850
<SALES>                                   518,541
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                          518,541
<CGS>                                     322,336
<TOTAL-COSTS>                             443,933<F2>
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                            7,273<F3>
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                          8,779
<INCOME-PRETAX>                            67,335
<INCOME-TAX>                               26,325
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                        41,010
<DISCONTINUED>                                  0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                 0
<CHANGES>                                       0
<NET-INCOME>                               41,010
<EPS-PRIMARY>                               $1.38 
<EPS-DILUTED>                               $1.38

<FN>
<F1>Includes 58,769 of short-term investments.
<F2>Includes only cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative
    expenses.
<F3>Includes interest expense shown below.
</FN>
        




</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT 1994
<TEXT>




WATTS INDUSTRIES, Inc.


(FRONT COVER GRAPHICS: Pictures of valves)


ANNUAL REPORT
- - -------------
    1994


(LOGO)



<PAGE>

(INSIDE FRONT COVER)

(Descriptions of valves on front cover)

Contromatics
Actuated
Butterfly Valve

KF Industries
Top Entry Valve

Circle Seal Controls
Motor Operated Valve

Leslie Controls
Aeroflow(TM)
Control Valve

Henry Pratt Company
Butterfly Valve

Watts Regulator Company
Water Pressure
Reducing Valve

KF Industries
Three-Way Trunnion
Ball Valve

Spence Engineering
Company
Steam Pressure
Reducing
Valve

Watts ACV
Automatic Control Valve

Watts Regulator Company
Actuated
Ball Valve

Watts Regulator Company
Backflow Preventer



ANNUAL REPORT
- - -------------
    1994



<PAGE>



                                       Watts Industries, Inc. Annual Report 1994

                                                                            Page
                            Long Term Growth ..................................2
                            To Our Shareholders ...............................3
                            Operational Strategy ..............................4
                            Industrial and Oil & Gas ..........................5
                            Plumbing & Heating and
                            Water Quality ...................................6-7
                            Municipal Water ...................................8
                            Steam .............................................9
                            Consolidated Financial Statements ................10
                            Report of Independent Auditors ...................10
                            Management's Discussion .......................22-25
                            Quarterly Information ............................25
                            Fifteen Year Financial Summary ................26-27
                            Acquisitions .....................................28
                            Directors and Officers ............Inside back cover




                                                    A LEADER IN VALVE TECHNOLOGY
                                                                        WATTS(R)
                                                                INDUSTRIES, INC.
                                                                      SINCE 1874


<PAGE>

Watts Industries: Committed to the achievement of
sustained long-term growth. (Fifteen year history)



[Graph of Net Sales showing a Compounded Annual Growth Rate of 17%]



[Graph of Net Income showing a Compounded Annual Growth Rate of 19%]



[Graph of Stockholders' Equity showing a Compounded Annual Growth Rate of 20%]











2
<PAGE>
To Our Shareholders

   Watts  achieved  yet another  record year for both sales and  earnings.  This
performance  marked the 18th  consecutive year of increased sales and 17th of 18
years of record net income.

   Net sales for  Fiscal  1994  increased  11% to $519  million  and net  income
increased 50% to $41 million.  Excluding the unusual  charges and the cumulative
effect of the tax accounting change in Fiscal 1993, net income increased 18% and
the fully diluted earnings per share were $1.38 versus $1.16 last year.

   Acquisition  activity included two Canadian-based  manufacturers of traps and
drains for commercial,  industrial,  and institutional  construction.  Ancon and
Enpoco were acquired  during the first half of Fiscal 1994. With combined annual
sales of approximately $12 million,  these companies have a significant share of
the Canadian  market and will add strong product lines to our domestic  plumbing
product range during Fiscal 1995.

   Many weeks were  devoted to business  trips to Asia to explore  the  region's
unfolding  growth markets,  including  China. The first tangible result of these
efforts  was the  commencement  on  September  1st of a joint  venture  with the
Tianjin Tanggu Valve Plant of the People's Republic of China, in which Watts has
a  60%  controlling  investment.  Tanggu,  an  established  ISO  9001  certified
manufacturer,  sells its butterfly,  globe, and check valves to 29 provinces and
autonomous regions in China and exports to the United States, Europe, Australia,
and  Southeast  Asia.  We expect there will be further  joint  ventures in China
during  Fiscal 1995. In addition to water and  industrial,  our focus will be on
the valve markets for oil and gas, power generation, and central steam heating.

   Sales were flat in Europe owing to the recession which  continued  throughout
Fiscal 1994. Some of the impact of the recession was offset by the rebuilding of
former East  Germany,  and the  developing  markets of Poland,  Czech  Republic,
Hungary,   Slovakia,   and  other  emerging   Eastern  European   markets.   Our
consolidation  of the  acquired  companies  and  product  lines  resulted  in an
operating  profit of 14%. Any increase in sales volume during Fiscal 1995 should
have a meaningful  impact upon  operating  earnings  because of the leverage now
established.

   Europe  continues  to be an area of  opportunity  for growth by  acquisition.
Watts will also  continue to explore the world  markets for joint  ventures  and
acquisitions.  Our near-term  Corporate  objective is to increase  international
business as a percent of total sales.  International  sales,  including  Canada,
increased as a percent of sales from 23% in Fiscal 1993 to 29% during 1994.

   Domestically,  our  growth  was led by the Watts  Regulator  Company  and its
water-oriented  Plumbing and Heating, Water Quality (backflow  preventers),  and
OEM Divisions.  The sales for these divisions increased by 10% from $150 million
in Fiscal 1993 to $165 million in Fiscal  1994.  A return to some  normalization
within their  traditional  markets,  including a strong  rebound in  residential
construction, helped these divisions in their record performance.

   Strong sales growth was also  experienced  within the oil and gas segment led
by KF Industries. KF's sales increased by 14% from $57 million in Fiscal 1993 to
$65 million in Fiscal 1994.  This increase was derived  primarily  from a strong
international market, especially in gas transmission pipeline projects.

   On July 28, 1994,  Watts  announced the acquisition of Jameco  Industries,  a
domestic  manufacturer  of valves and plumbing  hardware sold through  wholesale
plumbing  and  heating  distribution  and to the  DIY  (do-it-yourself)  market.
Jameco,  with sales of $56 million for the twelve  months  ending June 30, 1994,
represents one of our largest  acquisitions to date. Its  complementary fit with
the Watts Regulator  Plumbing and Heating Division should enhance both companies
in presenting  one of the largest arrays of plumbing  products  available to the
U.S. market.

   We remain  committed to our goal of  double-digit  growth with the  ambitious
objective  of reaching  $1 billion in sales by the end of the decade.  Including
the latest acquisitions,  we expect our sales will exceed $600 million in Fiscal
1995. With more financial  resources allocated to new product  development,  the
prospect of improving markets for more of our business segments, and our ongoing
acquisition search, we are optimistic about future growth prospects.

[Signature of Timothy P. Horne]

Timothy P. Horne
Chairman of the Board, President,
and Chief Executive Officer

[Photograph of Timothy P. Horne]



                                                                               3

<PAGE>
Operational
Strategy

   During the past ten years,  Watts has embarked on an  aggressive  growth plan
resulting in acquisitions of 28 valve companies that  represented  more than 60%
of our sales during  Fiscal 1994. In doing so, we have  diversified  the company
into new valve markets and added important  product lines.  Our sales have grown
at a compounded growth rate of 17% during this period as each year set new sales
records for the company.

   Our ability to  successfully  grow at this pace can be attributed to a number
of factors, but primarily to our commitment and focus on what we know best - the
valve industry.  Having achieved a milestone of over $500 million in sales,  our
next  objective is to double our size within the next five years.  During Fiscal
1994,  we  dedicated  ourselves  to setting the stage for this growth  through a
series of measures:

[Photograph of David A. Bloss, Sr., Executive Vice President]

   1.  Organized  businesses  according  to  markets  served:  Within the United
States,  we have  organized  our  independently-operated  businesses  into  four
strategic  groups focused on major valve  markets:  Plumbing & Heating and Water
Quality,  Municipal Water,  Industrial and Oil & Gas, and Steam.  This alignment
will allow us to offer  extensive  product lines and  capitalize on economies of
scale to achieve greater market share and profitability.

   2.  Expanded  our  international  scope to Asia:  To  achieve  global  market
participation,  we are positioning  ourselves for the tremendous  growth that is
expected in the Asian  markets.  Our initial  focus is the People's  Republic of
China where  significant  capital  expenditures  are  anticipated to develop its
domestic  infrastructure.  Our objective is to leverage our valve technology and
manufacturing  expertise by joint ventures with manufacturers in China who serve
the  region's  valve  markets  for  municipal  water,  oil and  gas,  and  steam
applications.

   3. New product  development:  During  Fiscal  1994,  we directed  substantial
capital and human resources to new product development. A key initiative was the
formation of teams within our businesses to identify, engineer and commercialize
new products to strengthen our position in our target markets.

   4. Improved employee  development and communication:  "Developing  tomorrow's
leaders today" is a pervasive  theme in our efforts to create an  organizational
environment that supports our growth  objectives.  During the past year, we have
organized  employee  work-group  sessions to inspire  creativity and develop key
leadership  skills.   These  ongoing  sessions  are  also  designed  to  promote
information sharing between business units to identify  opportunities to improve
sales and operating performance. We have already seen tangible results.

[Photograph  of Kenneth J. McAvoy,  Chief  Financial  Officer and Executive Vice
President of European Operations]

   We  believe  that these  strategic  moves  will  assist us in our  efforts to
achieve our $1 billion sales objective by the end of this decade.  The following
pages  describe  how we are  addressing  each of our major  market  segments and
identify the significant activities of the past year.

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Tianjin
       Tanggu
        Valve   [Photo of Business License               [Photos]
      Company   of the Joint Venture]
        Joint                           Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company, Ltd.
      Venture


4


<PAGE>
Industrial and
Oil & Gas

   Watts' oil and gas companies supply valves to the major independent petroleum
and  natural  gas  production  companies  worldwide,  while the Watts  Regulator
Industrial  Division supplies valves to the domestic markets for  petrochemical,
process control,  severe service,  and fugitive emission control. The Industrial
and Oil & Gas Group  supplies  a  comprehensive  line of  valves to its  market,
including ball valves, check valves, butterfly valves and needle valves.

   Building on their strength of having one of the broadest  product lines,  the
oil and gas companies and the  Industrial  Division  have  consolidated  most of
their domestic field sales representation. This allows the Group to offer a more
complete valve package to its customers. The integrated marketing effort is more
efficient and less costly than the prior system,  and  eliminates  the potential
for confusion and overlap at the distributor and end-user levels.

   Domestic demand for industrial  valves was comparable to last year.  However,
earnings for the  Industrial  Division grew as cost reduction  efforts,  product
consolidations  and a greater emphasis on engineered  products improved margins.
Domestic  chemical  and  petrochemical  companies  are  shifting  their  capital
investment  projects  to  offshore  locations,  primarily  to be  closer  to raw
material  extraction  sites.  Therefore,  we are  targeting  sales and marketing
efforts  to  become  a more  significant  participant  in  valve  purchases  for
international projects during Fiscal 1995. Operating the Industrial Division and
oil and gas  companies as one group with  coordinated  distribution  for the two
market segments  provides an efficient and expedient method of delivering Watts'
valves to the changing world markets.

   Domestic  demand for oil and gas  products  increased  moderately  during the
fiscal  year,  while  international  results,  reflecting  the ever more  global
economy,  showed robust growth.  KF Industries  actively  marketed  overseas and
supported these efforts with a strong new product  development program and rapid
deliveries. Overall, the oil and gas business enjoyed strong growth in sales and
earnings.

   During the year,  the Group  leveraged  its  resources by opening a new valve
automation and repair center in Houston,  Texas, to provide distributors and end
users  with  factory-authorized  automation  and  repair of  quarter-turn  valve
products.  Automation and repair will strengthen Watts' competitive  position in
the  domestic  and  international  marketplace.   Furthermore,   the  Group  has
established  regional  offices  in  Singapore  and London  and is  focusing  its
attention on developing joint ventures in China,  Indonesia and Venezuela during
the coming year.

[Photograph  of Alfred S. Schommer,  Group Vice  President  Industrial and Oil &
Gas]

   Allied with our  Industrial  Division is Circle Seal  Controls,  Inc.,  which
supplies valves to the aerospace, industrial and cryogenic markets.

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Photo]                                                     [Photo of a valve]
KF Industries, Inc.
Oklahoma City, OK

                    [Pie Graph Showing Percentages of
                    Oil & Gas (13%) and Industrial (12.4%) 
                    in the Industrial, Oil & Gas Market]

[Photo]
Watts Regulator Industrial Division
Milford, NH




                                                                               5

<PAGE>
Plumbing & Heating
and Water Quality

   Watts  serves the  Plumbing  and Heating  and Water  Quality  markets  with a
comprehensive  line of valve  products.  These include  temperature and pressure
relief valves for water  heaters,  water  pressure  reducing  valves to regulate
water pressures within the home and high-rise buildings, and backflow preventers
to protect potable water systems from the potential hazard of water  backflowing
from  contaminated  sources  downstream.  The  application  of these products is
generally  enforced by strict  national and regional  plumbing codes and, in the
case of backflow  preventers,  is supported by federal  legislation  such as the
Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974.

   Watts  manufactures  many other  speciality and commodity  products for these
markets including  temperature control valves, ball valves,  pipeline strainers,
hydronic heating  specialities,  electric  motorized  valves,  thermal expansion
tanks,  and other  plumbing and heating  products to provide  customers with the
broadest  range of valves and  assemblies.  Watts'  customer  base includes over
6,000 plumbing and heating wholesalers who resell to mechanical  contractors and
installing  plumbers.  Watts'  wholesalers  have the  advantage of buying a full
product range from a single source.

[Photo of Kevin R. Sweeney,  Executive Vice President,  Water Products  Division
and Paul A. Lacourciere, Executive Vice President, Watts Regulator Company]

   Domestic  demand for plumbing and heating and water quality valves  increased
significantly  during the year owing  primarily to the resurgence of residential
housing construction. Sales of water quality valves, namely backflow preventers,
also  increased  for the first time in three  years as their  principal  market,
commercial  construction,  finally  tempered  its  decline,  and  there was more
stringent  enforcement of the plumbing codes governing the installation of these
products.

   We also expanded sales to original equipment  manufacturers (OEMs).  Standard
catalog  products were  augmented  with valves  custom  designed to the exacting
specifications  of  individual  OEM  requirements,  thereby  stimulating a sales
increase for this division of nearly 20%.

   The replacement  demand for Watts' products has  consistently  offset some of
the impact of interest-rate-sensitive  construction cycles. Watts estimates that
approximately  40% of sales derived from these markets are  replacement  driven.
With market  leadership for its principal valves and an installed base in excess
of 100 million valves, Watts' prospects for increasing  replacement business are
excellent.

[Photo of Ernest E. Elliott, Vice President, Watts Products Division]

   The flagship  company serving these markets is the Watts  Regulator  Company,
founded in 1874.  Its seven  domestic  manufacturing  plants produce over 65,000
valves per day,  providing  all of the  benefits  of high  volume  manufacturing
including significant purchasing power.

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Photos of valves]

[Pie Graph Showing  Percentages of Plumbing & Heating (34%) and Water Quality 
(12.5%) in the Plumbing & Heating and Water Quality Markets]


[Photo]                                      [Photo]
Franklin, NH facility                        Spindale, NC facility


[Photo]                                      [Photo]
Canaan, NH facility                          Chesnee, SC facility




6

<PAGE>

   The  European   counterpart   of  Watts   Regulator   is  Intermes,   S.p.A.,
headquartered  in Italy.  Intermes has an extensive  range of valve  products to
satisfy the demands of diverse  wholesaler  requirements  in the major  European
markets,  including  Germany,  France,  Italy,  Holland,  the Benelux countries,
Spain, Portugal, and, more recently, Eastern European countries as well. Most of
the  Intermes  product  range  mirrors  the  valve  products  produced  by Watts
Regulator,  except the Intermes  products  are custom  designed for the European
market  requirements  since  product  styling  and  performance  characteristics
generally differ from those of the United States.

[Photo of Jean-Marc Sassier, Managing Director, Watts Industries Europe]

   Watts SFR in France and Watts Ocean in Holland augment the Intermes line with
relief valves, pressure regulators,  and backflow preventers.  The products from
all companies are combined into a single  product  offering to several  thousand
plumbing and heating wholesalers throughout the major European markets.

   The enforcement of European plumbing codes for pressure relief valves,  water
pressure regulators,  and backflow preventers offers many of the same advantages
in Europe for Intermes as in the domestic market for Watts Regulator.

   The German  sales arm of  Intermes,  MTR GmbH,  headquartered  in  Stuttgart,
offers  excellent future market  opportunities in Eastern Europe.  Initial sales
during the past year have been  realized  in Poland,  Hungary,  Czech  Republic,
Slovakia,  and other emerging markets. While Germany has been beleaguered with a
serious recession throughout Fiscal 1994,  construction and remodeling in former
East Germany have provided some support to Watts' sales base.  Overall sales for
Fiscal  1994 for Watts  Europe  were  flat,  but there  are some  prospects  for
gradually  improving market conditions in Western Europe and continued growth in
Eastern Europe.

[Photo of Victor L. Pitt, President, Watts Industries (Canada) Inc.]

   Watts Canada also enjoyed a year of increasing  sales as the Canadian economy
partially recovered from its long-term recession. Watts has a large market share
in Canada which is supported by three manufacturing operations. During the year,
Watts  acquired  the leading  Canadian  manufacturer  of floor and roof  drains,
intercepters,  backwater  valves,  and yard  hydrants  when it purchased  LeHage
Industries in July,  1993. The Ancon Division of LeHage presents an entirely new
range of products to  complement  Watts'  plumbing  line of valves sold  through
wholesale  distribution in Canada and the United States. As a further complement
to the Ancon line of products,  Watts Canada acquired Enpoco in November,  1993.
The  introduction  of  these  product  lines  into  the  U.S.  is one of  Watts'
priorities for growth during the new fiscal year.

[Photo]                   [Photo]                  [Photo]
Watts Ocean B.V.          Watts SFR SA             Woodbridge, Ontario facility
Eerbeek, Netherlands      Fressenneville, France

[Photo]                   [Photo]                  [Photo]
Intermes, SpA             MTR GmbH                 Burlington, Ontario facility
Caldaro, Italy            Gemmrigheim, Germany


[Pie Graph showing Fiscal 1994 Sales: International 29% and Domestic 71%]




                                                                               7

<PAGE>
Municipal Water

   Watts'  Municipal  Water  Group  manufactures  valves that are widely used to
control  the flow,  pressure  and level of water in systems  for  potable  water
supply,  wastewater  treatment,  industrial  process water and cooling water for
power  generation.  The  performance  and  quality of these  valves  enhance the
reliability and efficiency of the systems in which they are installed.

   Demand  in  the  municipal  water  market  comes  from a  combination  of new
construction,  expansion,  renovation and repair.  The  obsolescence  of systems
installed after the second World War, a shifting and expanding  population,  and
federal  regulations  regarding  clean  water  drive a  continuing  need for the
Group's  products.  Federal and state funding  limitations  sometimes  delay the
implementation of some of these projects which are highly competitive.

[Photo of Edward G. Holtgraver, Group Vice President, Municipal Water]

   Henry Pratt  Company is a leading  producer of butterfly  and ball valves for
municipal  water supply.  In power  generation,  Henry Pratt is one of a limited
number of companies certified to supply valves to nuclear plants. With its large
installed base,  Henry Pratt is positioned to benefit from the growing  business
for maintenance and repair as domestic nuclear power plants age.

   James Jones Company markets bronze fire hydrants, ball valves, curb stops and
related  bronze  products  for public and  private  potable  water  distribution
systems.  It has experienced growth from improved customer service,  quality and
delivery  lead times,  and a renewed  emphasis on its core products and regional
markets.  Profits have  improved due to increased  volumes and  aggressive  cost
management.  James  Jones is  currently  active  in 11  states,  with  plans for
controlled  expansion  within the United  States and certain  export  markets as
regionally  focused products are developed.  With the acquisition of EBCO, Watts
provides a similar line of products for the United Kingdom.

   The   Watts   Automatic    Control   Valve   (ACV)   is   a   pilot-operated,
diaphragm-actuated,  automatic hydraulic control valve used for water, fuels and
other low to  medium  viscosity  liquids.  Henry  Pratt  will  market  Watts ACV
products with its project  specification and bid packages during Fiscal 1995. By
providing a more comprehensive,  integrated product package, the Municipal Water
Group will meet more of its  customers'  needs and make it more  attractive  for
independent  distributors  to promote the line. At the same time,  the companies
will maintain the independence necessary to provide the customer  responsiveness
that has been key to their competitive success.

[Photo of Robert T. McLaurin, Corporate Vice President, Asian Operations]

   Serving the municipal  water valve market in the People's  Republic of China,
Tianjin  Tanggu  Watts Valve  Company,  Ltd. is Watts'  first effort to leverage
domestic valve  technology  and  manufacturing  expertise in this  international
market.


[Photo]                                      [Photo]
Watts Automatic Control Valve, Inc.          Henry Pratt Company
Houston, TX                                  Aurora and Dixon, IL

[Pie Graph Showing Percentage of Municipal
Water (16.1%) in the Municipal Water Market]

[Photo of valve]

[Photo]                                      [Photo]
Edward Barber & Company, Ltd.                James Jones Company
Tottenham, U.K.                              El Monte, CA


8

<PAGE>
Steam

   The Steam Group  companies  provide  products  that control the efficient and
safe use of steam - recognized as an economical  method of  transferring  energy
from one place to another.

   Watts' four companies in this segment address a wide variety of markets, from
HVAC,  where  steam  is used in  heating  and  cooling  applications,  to  power
generation,  industrial  process,  and  propulsion  systems on U.S.  Navy ships.
Spence  Engineering  is a leader in the control of HVAC steam and is also active
in industrial  plants.  Leslie Controls is both the premier  supplier of control
valves to the U.S. Navy and a supplier of products that are used in a variety of
industrial and commercial steam  applications.  Nicholson Steam Trap is a leader
in thermostatic  trap technology,  and the R. G. Laurence  Company  manufactures
products primarily for the gas turbine industry.

[Photo of Charles S. Wolley, Group Vice President, Steam]

   Overall,  the long-term market outlook for steam generation is flat, but some
new products and ongoing maintenance and repair opportunities should continue to
support  moderate  growth.   Steam  unleashes  a  destructive  force  on  system
components,  creating a demand for  replacement  parts that is  predictable  and
steady.  Proper  handling of steam is also critical for safety.  Therefore,  the
Steam   Group's   approach   of  selling   through   technical   representatives
concentrating  on safety,  reliability,  and proper system design  creates added
value for its customer base.

   Growth in 1994 was led by a rebound in sales to the U.S. Navy and the results
of a strong new product development program.  Leslie introduced the Aeroflow(TM)
control  valve which,  coupled with its digital  positioning  system and optical
feedback,  delivers precision previously unattainable within the power industry.
Spence  Engineering  strengthened  its  position  in  HVAC  with  a  significant
expansion  of its ASME safety  relief  valve  product  line,  and R.G.  Laurence
experienced  strong  growth  in the gas  turbine  industry  by  redesigning  its
Soli-Con(TM) line of solenoid control valves to meet changing OEM requirements.

   Cost  management  remains  a focus.  The  recently  completed  relocation  of
Nicholson's  manufacturing  operations from Wilkes-Barre,  Pennsylvania,  to the
Spence  facility in Walden,  New York,  will reduce  operating costs and improve
manufacturing  capabilities.  Also, significant  manufacturing cost improvements
were  realized  through  product  engineering  efforts.

[Photo of Frederic B. Horne, Corporate Vice President]

International
Sourcing

     The  global   economy   presents   opportunities   to   procure   materials
internationally.  Watts is sourcing worldwide for competitive  supplies of lower
cost steel,  iron and bronze  castings,  and other  commodity  materials,  while
maintaining  sound  partnerships  with the most progressive and competitive U.S.
suppliers.  Through a careful blending process, our lower cost base will benefit
and complement our capital investment program and position Watts for consistent,
profitable growth.

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Photo]
Leslie Controls, Inc.
R.G. Laurence Company, Inc.
Tampa, FL

[Photo]
Spence Engineering Company, Inc.,
Nicholson Steam Trap, Inc.
Walden, NY

[Pie Graph Showing Percentage of Steam (12%) in the Steam Market]


[Photo of valve]

                                                                               9

<PAGE>
Statements of Consolidated Earnings
(Amounts in thousands, except per share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                    Fiscal Year Ended June 30
                                                                                               1994           1993           1992
                                                                                            ---------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                         <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales .............................................................................     $ 518,541      $ 465,796      $ 423,808
Cost of goods sold ....................................................................       322,336        292,103        262,804
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        GROSS PROFIT ..................................................................       196,205        173,693        161,004
Selling, general and administrative expenses ..........................................       121,597        111,550         96,458
Unusual charges .......................................................................                        7,000
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        OPERATING EARNINGS ............................................................        74,608         55,143         64,546
Other (income) expense:

   Interest income ....................................................................        (2,986)        (4,397)        (4,103)
   Interest expense ...................................................................         8,779          9,152          7,879
   Other--net ..........................................................................         1,480          1,248            831
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
                                                                                                7,273          6,003          4,607
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND
        CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING .....................................        67,335         49,140         59,939
Provision for income taxes ............................................................        26,325         18,734         23,314
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        EARNINGS BEFORE CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF
        CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING ..........................................................        41,010         30,406         36,625
Cumulative effect on prior years (to June 30, 1992)
   of change in accounting for income taxes ...........................................                        3,132
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        NET EARNINGS ..................................................................     $  41,010      $  27,274      $  36,625
                                                                                            =========      =========      =========
Primary earnings per Common Share:

   Earnings before cumulative effect of change in accounting ..........................     $    1.38      $    1.01      $    1.29
   Cumulative effect on prior years of change in accounting ...........................                         (.10)
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        NET EARNINGS ..................................................................     $    1.38      $     .91      $    1.29
                                                                                            =========      =========      =========
Fully diluted earnings per Common Share:

   Earnings before cumulative effect of change in accounting ..........................     $    1.38      $    1.01      $    1.27
Cumulative effect on prior years
   of change in accounting ............................................................                         (.10)
                                                                                            ---------      ---------      ---------
        NET EARNINGS ..................................................................     $    1.38      $     .91      $    1.27
                                                                                            =========      =========      =========
Dividends paid per Common Share .......................................................     $     .20      $     .16      $     .13
                                                                                            =========      =========      =========
Weighted average number of Common Shares:

   Primary ............................................................................        29,674         30,090         28,326
                                                                                            =========      =========      =========
   Fully diluted ......................................................................        29,717         30,098         30,080
                                                                                            =========      =========      =========

</TABLE>
                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.

Report of Independent Auditors
Board of Directors
Watts Industries, Inc.

   We have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Watts
Industries,  Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related
statements of consolidated  earnings,  consolidated  stockholders'  equity,  and
consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30,
1994.  These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of the  Company's
management.  Our  responsibility  is to express  an  opinion on these  financial
statements  based on our  audits.  We did not audit the 1994 and 1993  financial
statements of Watts  Industries  Europe B.V., a wholly-owned  subsidiary,  which
statements  reflect total assets of $107,729,000 and $100,219,000 as of June 30,
1994 and 1993, respectively,  and total revenues of $79,709,000 and $57,645,000,
for the years then ended.  Those 1994 and 1993  statements were audited by other
auditors,  Deloitte & Touche,  whose  report has been  furnished  to us, and our
opinion,  insofar as it relates to data  included  for Watts  Industries  Europe
B.V., is based solely on the report of the other auditors.

   We  conducted  our audits in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes
assessing the  accounting  principles  used and  significant  estimates  made by
management,  as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits and the report of other auditors provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

   In our  opinion,  based on our audits and the report of other  auditors,  the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the consolidated  financial position of Watts Industries,  Inc. and subsidiaries
at June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated  results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period  ended June 30, 1994,
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

   As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1993, the
Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes.

Boston, Massachusetts                               [Signature of Ernst & Young]
August 5, 1994



10

<PAGE>
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(Amounts in thousands, except share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

ASSETS                                                                                                            June 30
                                                                                                         1994                1993
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
<S>                                                                                                   <C>                 <C>
  CURRENT ASSETS
      Cash and cash equivalents ............................................................          $   6,231           $  16,937
      Short-term investments ...............................................................             58,769              66,198
      Trade accounts receivable, less allowance of $4,488 in 1994
          and $3,565 in 1993 for doubtful accounts .........................................             79,342              68,099
      Inventories:
          Finished goods ...................................................................             60,104              48,910
          Work in process ..................................................................             39,671              33,939
          Raw materials ....................................................................             53,305              49,064
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                        153,080             131,913

      Prepaid expenses and other current assets ............................................              8,484               9,494
      Deferred income taxes ................................................................             14,973               8,551
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
          Total Current Assets .............................................................            320,879             301,192

  OTHER ASSETS
      Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization
          of $7,232 in 1994 and $4,743 in 1993 .............................................             89,500              87,017
      Other ................................................................................             12,222              13,205
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                        101,722             100,222

  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      Land .................................................................................             11,263              11,247
      Buildings and improvements ...........................................................             62,279              59,951
      Machinery and equipment ..............................................................            149,652             142,384
      Construction in progress .............................................................              7,181               4,665
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                        230,375             218,247

      Less allowance for depreciation ......................................................             94,126              83,986
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                        136,249             134,261
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                      $ 558,850           $ 535,675
                                                                                                      =========           =========

  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

  CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Accounts payable .....................................................................          $  24,672           $  21,180
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities ...............................................             36,840              40,441
      Accrued compensation .................................................................              8,355              10,059
      Income taxes payable .................................................................              3,340               4,494
      Current portion of long-term debt ....................................................              1,141               2,366
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
          Total Current Liabilities ........................................................             74,348              78,540
  LONG-TERM DEBT, net of current portion ...................................................             97,479             101,468
  DEFERRED INCOME TAXES ....................................................................             16,357              13,435
  OTHER LIABILITIES ........................................................................              9,115               7,112
  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
      Preferred Stock, $.10 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized,
          no shares issued or outstanding
      Class A Common Stock, $.10 par value; authorized 40,000,000 shares;
          issued 18,009,822 shares in 1994 and 9,226,770 in 1993 ...........................              1,801                 923
      Class B Common Stock, $.10 par value; authorized 13,000,000 shares;
          issued 11,472,470 in 1994 and 5,744,635 in 1993 ..................................              1,147                 574
      Additional paid-in capital ...........................................................             92,996             101,491
      Retained earnings ....................................................................            268,706             235,052
      Foreign currency translation adjustment ..............................................             (3,099)             (2,920)
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                        361,551             335,120
                                                                                                      ---------           ---------
                                                                                                      $ 558,850           $ 535,675
                                                                                                      =========           =========
</TABLE>

                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                    these consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              11
<PAGE>
Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity
(Amounts in thousands, except share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                           Foreign
                                                Class A                Class B      Additional             Currency        Total
                                             Common Stock           Common Stock     Paid-In    Retained  Translation  Stockholders'
                                           Shares     Amount      Shares    Amount   Capital    Earnings   Adjustment     Equity
                                          ---------   ------     ---------  ------   --------   --------  -----------  -------------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>
Balance at July 1, 1991                   7,826,522   $  783     5,778,575  $  578   $ 55,308   $178,759     $  287      $235,715
  Net earnings                                                                                    36,625                   36,625
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      issued upon conversion of debt      1,245,944      125                           42,951                              43,076
  Shares of Class B Common Stock
      converted to Class A Common Stock      32,940        3       (32,940)     (3)
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      exchanged upon the exercise
      of stock options and retired           (5,129)      (1)                            (266)                               (267)
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      issued upon the exercise of
      stock options                          70,553        7                            2,041                               2,048
  Common Stock cash dividends                                                                     (3,865)                  (3,865)
  Change in foreign currency
      translation adjustment                                                                                  1,561         1,561
                                         ----------   ------    ----------  ------   --------   --------    -------      --------
Balance at June 30, 1992                  9,170,830      917     5,745,635     575    100,034    211,519      1,848       314,893

  Net earnings                                                                                    27,274                   27,274
  Shares of Class B Common Stock
      converted to Class A Common Stock       1,000        1        (1,000)     (1)
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      exchanged upon the exercise of
      stock options and retired              (4,500)      (1)                            (218)                               (219)
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      issued upon the exercise of
      stock options                          59,440        6                            1,675                               1,681
  Common Stock cash dividends                                                                     (3,741)                  (3,741)
  Change in foreign currency
      translation adjustment                                                                                 (4,768)       (4,768)
                                         ----------   ------    ----------  ------   --------   --------    -------      --------
Balance at June 30, 1993                  9,226,770      923     5,744,635     574    101,491    235,052     (2,920)      335,120
  Net earnings                                                                                    41,010                   41,010
  Shares of Class B Common Stock
      converted to Class A Common Stock      16,500        1       (16,500)     (1)
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      exchanged upon the exercise
      of stock options and retired          (25,498)      (3)                          (1,172)                             (1,175)
  Shares of Class A Common Stock
      issued upon the exercise of
      stock options                         154,761       16                            4,707                               4,723
  Purchase and retirement of
      treasury stock                       (342,700)     (34)                         (12,030)                            (12,064)
  Common Stock cash dividends                                                                     (5,884)                  (5,884)
  Effect of two-for-one stock split       8,979,989      898     5,744,335     574                (1,472)
  Change in foreign currency
      translation adjustment                                                                                   (179)         (179)
                                         ----------   ------    ----------  ------   --------   --------    -------      --------
Balance at June 30, 1994                 18,009,822   $1,801    11,472,470  $1,147   $ 92,996   $268,706    ($3,099)     $361,551
                                         ==========   ======    ==========  ======   ========   ========    =======      ========
</TABLE>

              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements.

12

<PAGE>
Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows
(Amounts in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            Fiscal Year Ended June 30
                                                                                         1994          1993        1992
                                                                                      --------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                     <C>           <C>          <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net earnings  ....................................................................    $41,010       $27,274      $36,625
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to
      net cash provided by operating activities:
         Depreciation and amortization..............................................     22,393        20,560       17,630
         Deferred income taxes......................................................       (151)       (1,273)      (4,274)
         Loss on disposal of equipment..............................................         15           168           67
         Cumulative effect of change in accounting for income taxes.................                    3,132
         Changes in  operating  assets  and  liabilities,  net of  effects  from
             business acquisitions:
                Accounts receivable.................................................     (9,849)        8,755       (5,687)
                Inventories.........................................................    (18,592)       (3,540)      (4,228)
                Prepaid expenses and other current assets...........................      1,425         1,334        1,218
                Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities............        158        (9,447)      (2,494)
                                                                                        -------       -------      -------
      Net cash provided by operating activities.....................................     36,409        46,963       38,857

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Additions to property, plant and equipment........................................    (19,928)      (25,798)     (18,054)
  Proceeds from sale of equipment...................................................        395           635          505
  Increase in goodwill and other assets.............................................     (1,196)       (1,378)      (1,081)
  Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired:
      Henry Pratt...................................................................                               (57,154)
      Intermes  ....................................................................     (6,094)      (22,184)
      Other acquisitions............................................................     (4,783)      (13,494)      (2,393)
  Repayment of debt of acquired businesses..........................................     (1,935)       (6,872)
  Net changes in short-term investments.............................................      7,429        32,690      (27,644)
                                                                                        -------       -------      -------
      Net cash used in investing activities.........................................    (26,112)      (36,401)    (105,821)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Purchase and retirement of treasury stock.........................................    (12,064)
  Payments of long-term debt........................................................     (6,032)         (963)        (879)
  Proceeds from the sale of Notes...................................................                                75,000
  Proceeds from long-term borrowings................................................        716         3,048
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options...........................................      2,418         1,265        1,286
  Cash dividends....................................................................     (5,884)       (4,785)      (3,637)
                                                                                        -------       -------      -------
      Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities...........................    (20,846)       (1,435)      71,770
  Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents.............................       (157)       (2,179)         378
                                                                                        -------       -------      -------
      INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS..............................    (10,706)        6,948        5,184
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year....................................     16,937         9,989        4,805
                                                                                        -------       -------      -------
      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR......................................   $  6,231       $16,937     $  9,989
                                                                                       ========       =======     ========
</TABLE>

              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
                       consolidated financial statements.


                                                                              13
<PAGE>
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

   Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated  financial  statements include
the accounts of Watts Industries,  Inc. and its majority-owned subsidiaries (the
Company).  Upon  consolidation,   all  significant   intercompany  accounts  and
transactions are eliminated.

   Foreign Currency Translation:  Balance sheet accounts of foreign subsidiaries
are translated  into United States dollars at fiscal  year-end  exchange  rates.
Operating  accounts are translated at average  exchange rates for each year. Net
translation  gains or losses are  adjusted  directly to a separate  component of
stockholders' equity.

   Cash  Equivalents and Short-Term  Investments:  Cash  equivalents  consist of
investments  having  maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase.
Short-term  investments  consist of corporate  and municipal  bonds,  and mutual
funds  whose  portfolios   consist   principally  of  United  States  Government
securities.  Short-term  investments  are  valued  at cost,  which  approximates
market.

   In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement
of  Financial  Accounting  Standard  (SFAS) No.  115,  "Accounting  for  Certain
Investments  in Debt and Equity  Securities."  This  Statement will be effective
beginning in fiscal year 1995, and expands the use of fair value  accounting and
reporting for certain investments in debt and equity securities, but retains the
use of the amortized cost method for those  investments  in debt  securities for
which the holder has the positive  intent and ability to hold to  maturity.  The
Company  believes  that  adoption of this  Standard  will not have a significant
effect on its results of operations or financial condition.

   Concentrations  of  Credit  Risk:  Financial  instruments  which  potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist  principally of cash
equivalents,  short-term  investments and trade receivables.  The Company places
its cash  equivalents  and  short-term  investments  with high  credit,  quality
financial  institutions and, by policy,  limits the amount of credit exposure to
any one  financial  institution.  Concentrations  of credit risk with respect to
trade  receivables are limited due to the large number of customers  included in
the  Company's   customer  base  and  their  dispersion  across  many  different
industries  and  geographic  areas.  As of June 30,  1994,  the  Company  had no
significant concentrations of credit risk.

   Inventories:  Inventories are stated at cost (principally first-in, first-out
method)  not in  excess  of  net  realizable  value.  Inventories  amounting  to
$14,050,000  at June 30, 1994 and  $14,019,000 at June 30, 1993 are valued using
the last-in,  first-out method (LIFO),  which approximates  current  replacement
cost.

   Property, Plant and Equipment:  Property, plant and equipment are recorded at
acquired  cost.  Depreciation  is provided on the  straight-line  basis over the
estimated useful lives of the assets.

   Income Taxes:  Deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences
between  financial  statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities for
which income tax benefits and obligations will be realized in future years.

   Goodwill:  Goodwill  represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net
assets of businesses acquired. This balance is amortized over 40 years using the
straight-line  method. To the extent the Company makes payments under contingent
earn-out arrangements related to businesses  previously acquired,  those amounts
are recorded as additional goodwill.

   The  carrying  value of goodwill  is reviewed if the facts and  circumstances
suggest that it may be impaired. If this review indicates that goodwill will not
be recoverable, as determined based on the undiscounted cash flows of the entity
acquired over the remaining amortization period, the Company's carrying value of
the goodwill would be reduced to its fair value.

   Earnings  Per  Common  Share:  Earnings  per  common  share is based upon the
weighted average number of Class A and B Common Shares  outstanding  during each
period and the dilutive effect of Class A Common Stock options.  Shares of Class
A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding Convertible  Subordinated
Debentures were included in the calculation of fully diluted earnings per share,
up to the date of  conversion  on March 15, 1992.  Had the  conversion  of these
Debentures  taken place at the beginning of 1992,  primary earnings per share in
1992 would have been $1.27.

   Basis  of   Presentation:   Certain  amounts  in  1993  and  1992  have  been
reclassified to permit comparison with the 1994 presentation.

2. BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS

   On November 6, 1992,  the Company  acquired  100% of the  outstanding  common
stock of Intermes, a plumbing and heating valve manufacturer, for $28.3 million.
14

<PAGE>
2. BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS(cont'd.)
   On September 30, 1991, the Company  acquired 100% of the  outstanding  common
stock of Henry  Pratt  Company  for cash of $57.2  million.  In  addition,  upon
Pratt's  achievement of targeted  operating  income levels,  the Company will be
required to make annual  contingent  payments  through 1997 of $1.3 million plus
25% of amounts in excess of targeted operating income levels.

   In addition,  the Company acquired other valve manufacturers for cash of $4.8
million,  $13.5  million  and $2.4  million  in  fiscal  1994,  1993  and  1992,
respectively.

   These  acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method. The results
of  operations  of the  acquired  businesses  are  included in the  consolidated
financial statements from the dates of acquisition.

   The following unaudited pro forma consolidated  results of operations for the
years ended June 30, 1993 and 1992 are presented as if the acquisitions  made in
1993  and  1992  had  been  made  at the  beginning  of the  year in  which  the
acquisitions  occurred,  and at the beginning of the year immediately  preceding
the year of the  acquisitions.  The effects of acquisitions made in 1994 are not
material and, accordingly, have been excluded from the pro forma presentation.

                                                       1993             1992
                                                   ------------     ------------
Net sales ....................................     $483,081,000     $485,061,000
Net earnings .................................       26,807,000       37,184,000
Primary net earnings per Common Share ........              .89             1.32

   The pro forma  results of operations  give effect to interest  costs of funds
used to finance the  acquisitions  and include  adjustments for depreciation and
amortization resulting from the allocation of the costs of the acquisitions. The
unaudited  pro forma  information  is not  necessarily  indicative of either the
results of operations that would have occurred had the purchase been made during
the periods presented, or the future results of the combined operations.

3. UNUSUAL CHARGES

   In December 1992, the Company recorded  unusual charges of $7 million.  These
unusual charges were related to environmental  matters and costs associated with
the downsizing and restructuring of certain previously acquired  companies.  The
charges  include   approximately  $2  million  relating  to  the  resolution  of
environmental  litigation  arising  under  CERCLA  (Comprehensive  Environmental
Response,  Compensation  and Liability Act) involving a  manufacturing  facility
sold in  1978,  and  clean-up  costs  principally  relating  to  certain  of the
Company's  foundry  operations;  a  $3  million  accrual  for  estimated  future
environmental  clean-up costs;  and $2 million relating to downsizing of certain
previously  acquired  operations which have been negatively  impacted by reduced
military spending and to the consolidation and relocation of the operations of a
previously acquired business.

4. INCOME TAXES

   The Company adopted SFAS Statement No. 109 ("Accounting for Income Taxes") as
of the beginning of fiscal year 1993.  The  cumulative  effect on prior years of
this change in accounting  principle  decreased fiscal 1993 net earnings by $3.1
million  or $.10 per share,  and is  reported  separately  in the  statement  of
consolidated  earnings for the year ended June 30, 1993.  The effect of adopting
Statement 109, including its application to prior business combinations, did not
have a material impact on 1993 pre-tax earnings.

   At June 30, 1994, the Company has foreign net operating loss carryforwards of
$6.2 million for income tax purposes  that expire in years 1995 through 2004. In
addition,  foreign net operating  losses of $3.4 million can be carried  forward
indefinitely.  These  carryforwards  resulted  primarily from the Company's 1993
business acquisitions.

   The  significant  components of the Company's  deferred tax  liabilities  and
assets are as follows:
                                                             June 30
                                                       1994            1993
Deferred tax liabilities:                          ------------    -------------
   Depreciation ................................   $ 12,402,000    $ 12,172,000
   Other .......................................      3,955,000       1,263,000
                                                   ------------    ------------
     Total deferred tax liabilities ............     16,357,000      13,435,000
Deferred tax assets:
   Accrued expenses ............................      8,202,000       6,367,000
   Other .......................................      7,613,000       3,998,000
                                                   ------------    ------------
     Total deferred tax assets .................     15,815,000      10,365,000
   Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets .       (842,000)     (1,814,000)
                                                   ------------    ------------
     Net deferred tax assets ...................     14,973,000       8,551,000
                                                   ------------    ------------
     Net deferred tax liabilities ..............   $  1,384,000    $  4,884,000
                                                   ============    ============
                                                                              15
<PAGE>
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (cont'd.)

4. INCOME TAXES (cont'd.)

    The provision for income taxes is based on the following pre-tax earnings:

                                  1994               1993               1992
                               -----------        -----------        -----------
Domestic ..............        $57,375,000        $42,260,000        $52,238,000
Foreign ...............          9,960,000          6,880,000          7,701,000
                               -----------        -----------        -----------
                               $67,335,000        $49,140,000        $59,939,000
                               ===========        ===========        ===========

    The  provision   for  income  taxes  as  reflected  in  the   statements  of
consolidated earnings consists of the following:

                                                                      Deferred
                                          Liability Method             Method
                                   ----------------------------    -------------
                                       1994            1993             1992
                                   -------------    -----------    -------------
Currently payable:
  Federal ......................   $ 20,035,000    $ 14,583,000    $ 20,987,000
  Foreign ......................      2,606,000       2,850,000       2,995,000
  State ........................      3,835,000       2,574,000       3,606,000
                                   ------------    ------------    ------------
                                     26,476,000      20,007,000      27,588,000
Deferred, principally federal ..       (151,000)     (1,273,000)     (4,274,000)
                                   ------------    ------------    ------------
                                   $ 26,325,000    $ 18,734,000    $ 23,314,000
                                   ============    ============    ============

    Total income taxes  reported are different  than would have been computed by
applying the federal  statutory tax rate to earnings  before  income taxes.  The
reasons for this difference are as follows:

                                                                       Deferred
                                          Liability Method              Method
                                     ----------------------------    -----------
                                        1994             1993            1992
                                     ------------    ------------    -----------
Computed expected federal
  income tax expense ...........     $23,567,000     $16,708,000     $20,379,000
State income taxes, net
  of federal tax benefit .......       2,350,000       1,548,000       2,243,000
Other ..........................         408,000         478,000         692,000
                                     -----------     -----------     -----------
                                     $26,325,000     $18,734,000     $23,314,000
                                     ===========     ===========     ===========

    Undistributed  earnings of the Company's  foreign  subsidiaries  amounted to
approximately  $36 million,  $29 million and $25 million at June 30, 1994,  1993
and  1992  respectively.  Those  earnings  are  considered  to  be  indefinitely
reinvested  and,  accordingly,  no provision  for U.S.  federal and state income
taxes has been provided thereon. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form
of  dividends or  otherwise,  the Company  would be subject to both U.S.  income
taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and  withholding  taxes
payable to the various foreign countries.

    Determination  of the  amount of U.S.  income  tax  liability  that would be
incurred is not  practicable  because of the  complexities  associated  with its
hypothetical  calculation;  however,  unrecognized  foreign tax credits would be
available to reduce some portion of any U.S.  income tax liability.  Withholding
taxes of  approximately  $2.8 million  would be payable upon  remittance  of all
previously unremitted earnings at June 30, 1994.

    The Company made income tax  payments of $31.4  million,  $20.5  million and
$27.6 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

5. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES
    Accrued expenses and other liabilities consist of the following:
                                                              June 30
                                                        1994            1993
                                                     -----------     -----------
Commissions and sales incentives payable .......     $ 6,860,000     $ 5,915,000
Accrued insurance costs ........................       6,330,000       4,481,000
Accrued medical and pension benefits ...........       3,072,000       2,820,000
Accrued payments in connection with
  business acquisitions ........................       2,982,000      10,612,000
Other ..........................................      17,596,000      16,613,000
                                                     -----------     -----------
                                                     $36,840,000     $40,441,000
                                                     ===========     ===========
16

<PAGE>
6. FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
    Long-term debt consists of the following:                    June 30
                                                           1994            1993
                                                       ------------   ------------
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>
8-3/8% Notes, Due 2003 .............................   $ 75,000,000   $ 75,000,000

Industrial Revenue Bonds, maturing periodically from
  2006 through 2019. Interest accrues at a variable
  rate based on weekly tax-exempt interest rates
  (2.75% at June 30, 1994) .........................     17,268,000     17,653,000
Other ..............................................      6,352,000     11,181,000
                                                       ------------   ------------
                                                         98,620,000    103,834,000

Less current portion ...............................      1,141,000      2,366,000
                                                       ------------   ------------
                                                       $ 97,479,000   $101,468,000
                                                       ============   ============
</TABLE>

     On November 26, 1991, the Company issued  $75,000,000  principal  amount of
8-3/8% Notes Due 2003. Interest is payable semiannually on December 1 and June 1
each year.  The notes are not subject to optional  redemption  prior to maturity
and  there are no  sinking  fund  payments  required.  The notes are  considered
general  unsecured  obligations  of the Company.  The notes  include  covenants,
which,  among other things,  restrict  borrowings  secured by certain assets and
certain  sale and  leaseback  transactions  by the  Company  or any  "restricted
subsidiary"  (as  defined),  subject to certain  exceptions,  including  secured
borrowings not exceeding 10% of the Company's consolidated stockholders' equity,
unless the notes are secured ratably with such borrowings.

    Principal  payments  during  each of the next five  fiscal  years are due as
follows:  1995-$1,141,000;   1996-$883,000;  1997-$682,000;  1998-$552,000;  and
1999-$5,457,000. Interest paid during fiscal 1994 and 1993 approximates interest
expense.

7. COMMON STOCK

    On January 18, 1994,  the Board of Directors  declared a  two-for-one  stock
split,  effective  March 15, 1994,  in the form of a dividend of one  additional
share of the  Company's  Common  Stock  (Class A and B) for each share  owned by
stockholders  of record at the close of  business  on March 1,  1994.  Par value
remained  at $.10 per share.  Earnings  per  share,  cash  dividends  per share,
weighted  average  common  shares  outstanding  and the stock  option plan share
information  have been  restated for all periods  presented to reflect the stock
split.

   During 1994, the Company  repurchased  342,700 shares of Class A Common Stock
prior to the stock split for $12.1 million.

   The Class A Common  Stock and Class B Common  Stock have equal  dividend  and
liquidation rights. Each share of the Company's Class A Common Stock is entitled
to one vote on all matters  submitted to stockholders  and each share of Class B
Common  Stock is  entitled to ten votes on all such  matters.  Shares of Class B
Common  Stock  are  convertible  into  shares  of  Class A  Common  Stock,  on a
one-to-one basis, at the option of the holder.

    The  Company  has  reserved a total of  14,663,116  shares of Class A Common
Stock for issuance under its Incentive Stock Option Plan, its Nonqualified Stock
Option Plan and conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock into Class A Common
Stock.

8. QUALIFIED AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLANS

    The Company has a qualified  incentive stock option plan whereunder  options
to purchase up to 1,980,000 shares of Class A Common Stock may be granted to key
employees.  Options are  granted at an exercise  price equal to 100% of the fair
market value per share on the date of grant.  At June 30, 1994,  the Company has
reserved 1,495,800 shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance under the plan.

    The Company also has a nonqualified  stock option plan whereunder options to
purchase up to  2,000,000  shares of Class A Common  Stock may be granted to key
employees.  Options are granted at an exercise price  determined by the Board of
Directors,  but not less than 50% of the fair market value per share on the date
of grant. At June 30, 1994, the Company has reserved 1,694,846 shares of Class A
Common Stock for issuance under the plan.
                                                                              17

<PAGE>
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (cont'd.)

8. QUALIFIED AND NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION PLANS (cont'd.)

  A summary of activity in the plans is as follows:

                             Number of Shares
                         Qualified    Nonqualified       Exercise Price
                         ---------    ------------       --------------
Outstanding options at
       July 1, 1991       467,510       312,586        $ 8.09 to $17.50
          Granted         206,000       136,000         16.88 to  24.75
          Exercised       (71,384)      (69,722)         8.09 to  17.50
          Cancelled       (14,000)                      10.50 to  17.50
                          -------       -------
Outstanding options at
       June 30, 1992      588,126       378,864          8.09 to  24.75
          Granted         210,000       136,000         16.60 to  24.34
          Exercised       (86,880)      (32,000)         8.09 to  22.50
          Cancelled       (34,000)                      14.25 to  22.50
                          -------       -------
Outstanding options at
       June 30, 1993      677,246       482,864          8.75 to  24.75
          Granted         237,500       146,000         15.73 to  22.50
          Exercised      (108,446)     (167,432)         8.75 to  22.50
          Cancelled       (54,000)     (158,000)         8.75 to  22.50
                          -------       -------
Outstanding options at
       June 30, 1994      752,300       303,432       $  8.75 to $24.75
                          =======       =======

      Outstanding  options  generally  vest at the rate of 20% per year. At June
30, 1994,  192,880  qualified  options were exercisable and 45,432  nonqualified
options were exercisable.

9. RETIREMENT BENEFITS

    The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering  substantially all of
its domestic  nonunion  employees.  Plans covering  salaried  employees  provide
pension  benefits  that  are  based  on  years  of  service  and the  employee's
compensation  during the last five years of employment.  Plans  covering  hourly
employees generally provide benefits of stated amounts for each year of service.
The Company's  funding policy is to contribute  annually the maximum amount that
can be deducted for federal income tax purposes.  Contributions  are intended to
provide  not only for  benefits  attributable  to service to date,  but also for
those expected to be earned in the future.

    The following table sets forth the components of pension expense, the funded
status  and  amounts  recognized  in the  consolidated  balance  sheets  for the
Company's domestic defined benefit pension plans.  Defined benefit plans for the
Company's  foreign  subsidiaries  are not  material.  The Company  computes  its
pension obligations and expense using March 31 as its measurement date.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               March 31
                                                                                                     1994                  1993
                                                                                                 ------------          ------------
<S>                                                                                              <C>                   <C>
Actuarial  present value of benefit obligations:
      Accumulated benefit obligation, including vested benefits
      of $18,361,000 at March 31, 1994 and $15,951,000 at March 31, 1993 ...............         $ 19,046,000          $ 16,647,000
                                                                                                 ============          ============
      Projected benefit obligation for services rendered to date .......................         $ 24,288,000          $ 20,714,000
      Plan assets at fair value, primarily fixed income securities .....................           24,432,000            22,443,000
                                                                                                 ------------          ------------
   Plan Assets in Excess of Projected Benefit Obligation ...............................              144,000             1,729,000
   Unrecognized net (gain) loss from past experience different from
      that assumed and effect of changes in assumptions ................................              410,000              (467,000)
   Unrecognized prior service cost .....................................................            1,089,000             1,178,000
   Unrecognized net transition asset ...................................................           (3,181,000)           (3,499,000)
                                                                                                 ------------          ------------
   Accrued Pension Liability ...........................................................         ($ 1,538,000)         ($ 1,059,000)
                                                                                                 ============          ============
</TABLE>

18

<PAGE>
9. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (cont'd)

  Net pension cost included the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     Year Ended March 31
                                                                                           1994             1993            1992
                                                                                        -----------     -----------     -----------
<S>                                                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
   Service cost--benefits earned during the year ...................................    $ 1,753,000     $ 1,678,000     $ 1,486,000
   Interest cost on projected benefit obligation ...................................      1,775,000       1,556,000       1,359,000
   Actual return on plan assets ....................................................     (1,608,000)     (1,787,000)     (1,930,000)
   Net amortization and deferral ...................................................       (418,000)       (105,000)        255,000
                                                                                        -----------     -----------     -----------
                                                                                        $ 1,502,000     $ 1,342,000     $ 1,170,000
                                                                                        ===========     ===========     ===========
</TABLE>

   The  weighted   average   discount  rate  and  rate  of  increase  in  future
compensation  levels used in  determining  the  actuarial  present  value of the
projected  benefit  obligation were  approximately 8% and 6%,  respectively,  at
March 31, 1994 and 1993. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets in
1994, 1993 and 1992 was approximately 8%.

   In November  1992,  the FASB issued SFAS No. 112  "Employers'  Accounting for
Postemployment  Benefits."  The Statement will be effective for fiscal year 1995
and requires in certain cases that estimated costs of postemployment benefits be
recognized  over the  service  lives of  employees.  The Company  believes  that
adoption  of the  Standard  will not have a  material  effect on its  results of
operations or financial condition.

10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

   The  Company is engaged in various  claims and  litigation  arising  from its
operations.  In the opinion of management,  uninsured losses, if any,  resulting
from these matters will not have a material  adverse impact on the  consolidated
financial position or future results of operations of the Company.

   The Company has been named a  potentially  responsible  party with respect to
identified  contaminated sites. The level of contamination  varies significantly
from site to site and  remediation  efforts  that are  underway  are in  various
stages.  In certain cases,  remediation has not begun. The Company has evaluated
its potential  exposure  based on all currently  available  information  and has
recorded an estimate of its liability for environmental matters.

     With  respect  to one  contaminated  site  included  on  the  Environmental
Protection  Agency's National Priorities List, the Company expects to be named a
potentially  responsible party. The process of determining the causes and extent
of  contamination,  the cost of remediation and the method to allocate that cost
among those  ultimately  determined to be  responsible is in a very early stage.
Accordingly,  the ultimate  outcome of this matter  cannot be determined at this
time.

11. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   The following method and assumptions were used by the Company to estimate the
fair value of its financial statements:

   Cash and Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

   The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet approximate fair value.

   Long-Term Debt

     The fair value of the Company's  8-3/8% Notes,  Due 2003 is based on quoted
market  prices.  The fair  value  of other  long-term  debt is  estimated  using
discounted  cash flow  analyses,  based on the Company's  incremental  borrowing
rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements.

   The carrying amount and the estimated fair market value of the Company's long
term debt are as follows:

                                                            June 30
                                                   1994                  1993
                                               ------------         ------------
Carrying amount ......................         $ 98,620,000         $103,834,000
Estimated fair value .................           99,745,000          113,115,000

                                                                              19

<PAGE>
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (cont'd.)

12. FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA

    The Company designs,  manufactures and sells an extensive line of valves for
plumbing and heating, municipal water, water quality, industrial, steam, and oil
and gas  markets.  Sales,  operating  profit  and  identifiable  assets by major
geographic   area  are  summarized  as  follows.   Transfer  prices  to  foreign
subsidiaries are intended to produce profit margins  commensurate with sales and
marketing efforts.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    (Amounts in thousands)
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Domestic          Canada           Europe        Eliminations   Consolidated
                                                        --------         --------         --------       ------------   ------------
1994
- - -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
 Sales ........................................         $410,100         $ 28,732         $ 79,709                          $518,541
 Transfer between areas .......................           14,991            2,820                          $ 17,811
                                                        --------         --------         --------         --------         --------
                                                        $425,091         $ 31,552         $ 79,709         $ 17,811         $518,541
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========
 Operating Earnings of
  Geographic Areas ............................         $ 68,120         $  2,304         $ 10,276         $     94         $ 80,606
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========
 General corporate expenses ...................                                                                                5,998
                                                                                                                            --------
Operating Earnings ............................                                                                             $ 74,608
                                                                                                                            ========
 Identifiable Assets ..........................         $428,293         $ 23,469         $108,072         $    984         $558,850
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========

1993
- - -----------------------------------------------
 Sales ........................................         $388,804         $ 19,347         $ 57,645                          $465,796
 Transfer between areas .......................           13,166            2,196                          $ 15,362
                                                        --------         --------         --------         --------         --------
                                                        $401,970         $ 21,543         $ 57,645         $ 15,362         $465,796
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========
 Operating Earnings of

  Geographic Areas ............................         $ 52,105         $  2,306         $  6,294         $    264         $ 60,441
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========
 General corporate expenses ...................                                                                                5,298
                                                                                                                            --------
Operating Earnings ............................                                                                             $ 55,143
                                                                                                                            ========
 Identifiable Assets ..........................         $415,759         $ 20,343         $100,463         $    890         $535,675
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========

1992
- - -----------------------------------------------
 Sales ........................................         $376,782         $ 19,836         $ 27,190                          $423,808
 Transfer between areas .......................           13,623            1,694                          $ 15,317
                                                        --------         --------         --------         --------         --------
                                                        $390,405         $ 21,530         $ 27,190         $ 15,317         $423,808
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========
Operating Earnings of
  Geographic Areas ............................         $ 60,621         $  3,420         $  4,538         $     94         $ 68,485
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========
 General corporate expenses ...................                                                                                3,939
                                                                                                                            --------
 Operating Earnings ...........................                                                                             $ 64,546
                                                                                                                            ========
 Identifiable Assets ..........................         $433,737         $ 19,624         $ 22,885         $    626         $475,620
                                                        ========         ========         ========         ========         ========
</TABLE>
  Included in domestic  sales are export sales of $45.4  million in 1994,  $31.6
million in 1993 and $28.1 million in 1992.

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

   During  July,  the  Company  purchased a domestic  manufacturer  of metal and
plastic water supply products with annual revenues of approximately  $56 million
for $35.2  million in cash.  The Company also  entered into a joint  venture for
$8.5 million with a valve manufacturer located in the People's Republic of China
in exchange for a 60% interest in the Chinese joint venture.

   During August,  the Company entered into a five year agreement with a banking
syndicate  which  permits  the  Company  to borrow up to $125  million  under an
unsecured  line of  credit  facility.  Borrowings  under  the  agreement  accrue
interest at LIBOR, plus 25 basis points.

20

<PAGE>
14. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)
(Amounts in thousands, except share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         First        Second       Third         Fourth
                                                                        Quarter       Quarter     Quarter        Quarter
                                                                        --------      --------    --------       --------
  1994
  ----
<S>                                                                     <C>           <C>         <C>            <C>
  Net sales.......................................................      $130,581      $127,734    $133,532       $126,694
  Gross profit....................................................        49,272        49,342      50,691         46,900
  Net earnings....................................................        10,537        10,548      11,040          8,885
  Primary and fully diluted net earnings per Common Share.........           .35           .36         .37            .30
  Dividends paid per share........................................          .045          .045        .055           .055

  1993
  ----
  Net sales........................................................     $109,616      $113,909      $119,764     $122,507
  Gross profit.....................................................       41,186        43,899        44,755       43,853
  Earnings before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting........................................        9,932         4,996         8,567        6,911
  Net earnings.....................................................        6,800         4,996         8,567        6,911
  Primary and fully diluted earnings per Common Share:
  Earnings before cumulative effect
    of change in accounting........................................          .33           .17           .28          .23
  Net earnings.....................................................          .23           .17           .28          .23
  Dividends paid per share.........................................         .035          .035          .045         .045

  1992
  ----
  Net sales........................................................      $94,098      $108,078      $110,238     $111,394
  Gross profit.....................................................       35,909        41,446        42,819       40,830
  Net earnings.....................................................        9,101         8,932        10,117        8,475
  Earnings per Common Share:
    Primary........................................................          .33           .32           .36          .28
    Fully diluted..................................................          .32           .32           .35          .28
  Dividends paid per share.........................................         .030          .030          .035         .035

</TABLE>

   Primary and fully  diluted  earnings per share and  dividends  paid per share
have been  restated for all periods  presented  above to reflect the stock split
effected in March 1994.


                                                                              21

<PAGE>
Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Results of Operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1994 Compared to
Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1993

   Net sales increased  $52,745,000  (11.3%) to $518,541,000.  This increase was
attributable  to the  inclusion  of the net  sales  of  acquired  companies  and
increased  unit shipments of certain  product lines.  The net sales of Intermes,
S.p.A.  ("Intermes")  acquired in November 1992,  Edward Barber Company ("EBCO")
acquired in May 1993, Ancon Products,  Inc. ("Ancon") acquired in July 1993, and
Enpoco  Canada,  Ltd.  ("Enpoco")  acquired in November  1993, all foreign based
companies,  represented  approximately  56% of the  increase.  The  Company  had
increased unit shipments of plumbing and heating  valves,  water quality valves,
and oil and gas valves.  These increases were partially offset by decreased unit
shipments of municipal water valves and aerospace/military valves. International
sales  increased from 23% to 29% of total sales,  principally as a result of the
acquisitions discussed above. Export sales increased almost $14,000,000 (44%) to
$45,400,000,  primarily  due to increased  shipments of oil and gas valves.  The
Company intends to maintain its strategy of seeking acquisition opportunities as
well as developing its international sales to achieve sales growth.

   Gross profit increased $22,512,000 (13.0%) to $196,205,000 and increased as a
percentage  of net sales  from 37.3% to 37.8%.  This  increased  percentage  was
primarily  attributable  to improved  manufacturing  performance  and  increased
volume,  particularly in the plumbing and heating and water quality segments, as
well as  decreased  costs of bronze  ingot.  During  fiscal  1995,  the  Company
anticipates  the cost of ingot to rise which may  unfavorably  impact its margin
depending on its ability to increase selling prices.

   Selling,  general and administrative  expenses increased $3,047,000 (2.6%) to
$121,597,000.  The Company  recorded  $7,000,000 of unusual  charges in the year
ended June 30,  1993 for  environmental  matters and costs  associated  with the
downsizing and restructuring of certain acquired companies. Excluding the effect
of  this  charge,  selling,  general  and  administrative  expenses  would  have
increased $10,047,000 (9.0%) in the period ended June 30, 1994. This increase is
primarily  attributable  to the inclusion of the expenses of acquired  companies
and  increased  commissions  associated  with the  higher  sales  volume.  These
increases were partially offset by decreased spending at several subsidiaries as
a result of downsizing programs implemented during the last fiscal year.

   The Company from time to time is involved with environmental  proceedings and
incurs costs on an ongoing basis related to environmental  matters.  The Company
has been or expects to be named a potentially  responsible party with respect to
currently  identified  contaminated  sites,  which are in various  stages of the
remediation  process.  The Company has evaluated its potential exposure based on
all  currently  available  information  and has  recorded  its  estimate  of its
liability for environmental matters. The ultimate outcome of these environmental
matters cannot be determined. The Company currently anticipates that it will not
incur  significant  expenditures  in fiscal 1995 in connection with any of these
environmentally  contaminated  sites.  Please  see  Note 10 to the  accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

   Interest income decreased  $1,411,000  (32.1%) to $2,986,000 due to decreased
levels of cash and short-term investments.

   Net earnings increased $13,736,000 (50.4%) to $41,010,000. If the Company had
not incurred the $7,000,000 of unusual charges and the cumulative  effect of the
change in accounting  method in fiscal 1993,  net earnings  would have increased
18.5%.  The Company's  return on  investment  for the fiscal year ended June 30,
1994 was 11.8%.  The Company's  return on  investment  for the fiscal year ended
June 30,  1993  before the change in  accounting  method and the  $7,000,000  of
unusual  charges was 10.4%.  This compares to 13.7% for fiscal year 1992,  15.8%
for fiscal year 1991,  and 17.6% for fiscal year 1990.  The primary  reasons for
these declining  percentages is the increase in stockholders'  equity associated
with the conversion of the Company's  $44,000,000  Convertible  Debentures on or
prior to March 15, 1992 and the sale on February  28, 1991 of 920,000  shares of
Class A Common Stock in a public offering at a price to the public of $40.50 per
share.   Stockholders'  equity  increased  $78,732,000  as  a  result  of  these
transactions.  These  transactions have also resulted in a relatively high level
of cash and short-term  investments  which also had the effect of decreasing the


22

<PAGE>
return on  investment  ratio due to the lower  return  earned on these assets as
compared to the return earned on operating assets.

   The  change in foreign  exchange  rates  since  June 30,  1993 did not have a
material  impact on the results of operations or the financial  condition of the
Company.

   The weighted  average  number of common  shares,  after giving  effect to the
two-for-one  stock split  described in Note 7 to the  accompanying  consolidated
financial statements,  outstanding on June 30, 1994 decreased to 29,674,464 from
30,089,898  for primary  earnings per share.  This decrease is the result of the
repurchase by the Company,  prior to the stock split, of 342,700 shares of Class
A Common Stock.  Primary and fully diluted earnings per share were $1.38 for the
period  ended June 30, 1994  compared to $1.16  before  unusual  charges and the
cumulative  effect of the change in  accounting  method for the period  June 30,
1993.

Results of Operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1993 Compared to
Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 1992

    Net sales increased  $41,988,000  (9.9%) to $465,796,000.  This increase was
attributable  exclusively  to  the  inclusion  of  the  net  sales  of  acquired
companies,  including the net sales of Intermes, S.p.A. ("Intermes") acquired in
November  1992,  Henry  Pratt  Company  ("Pratt")  acquired in  September  1991,
Waletzko  Armaturen  GmbH  ("Waletzko")  acquired  in July 1992,  Edward  Barber
Company (EBCO)  acquired in May 1993,  and Rockford  Valve Company  ("Rockford")
acquired in August 1992. Without the net sales of these acquired companies,  net
sales for  fiscal  year 1993  would  have been equal to the net sales for fiscal
year 1992.  The Company had  increased  unit  shipments  of plumbing and heating
valves,  water flow  control  valves,  and oil and gas  valves.  However,  these
increases were offset by decreased unit shipments of steam control valves to the
Navy,  and  aerospace/military  valves.  The Company  believes the  reduction in
Navy/military sales to be a long-term condition.  The Company also believes that
as long as the general  economic  environment  remains at its current level,  it
will be difficult  to achieve  meaningful  internal  sales  growth.  The Company
intends to maintain its strategy of seeking acquisition opportunities as well as
developing its international sales to achieve growth.

    Gross profit increased $12,689,000 (7.9%) to $173,693,000 but decreased as a
percentage  of net sales  from 38.0% to 37.3%.  This  decreased  percentage  was
primarily attributable to decreased unit pricing in certain product lines due to
competitive  pricing  pressure,  decreased  absorption  of  fixed  manufacturing
expenses  resulting from lower production levels associated with decreased sales
of steam control valves to the Navy, and a less favorable product mix.

    Selling,  general and administrative  expenses increased $22,092,000 (22.9%)
to $118,550,000.  This increase includes $7,000,000 of unusual charges;  without
these unusual charges the increase would have been  $15,092,000  (15.6%).  These
unusual charges are related to  environmental  matters and costs associated with
the downsizing and  restructuring  of certain  acquired  companies.  The charges
include  approximately  $2,000,000  relating to the resolution of  environmental
litigation   arising  under  CERCLA   (Comprehensive   Environmental   Response,
Compensation,  and Liability  Act)  involving a  manufacturing  facility sold in
1978,  and  clean-up  costs  relating  principally  to certain of the  Company's
foundry  operations;  a $3,000,000  accrual for estimated  future  environmental
clean-up  costs;  and  $2,000,000  relating to downsizing of certain  previously
acquired  operations  which have been  negatively  impacted by reduced  military
spending  and  to the  consolidation  and  relocation  of  the  operations  of a
previously acquired company. The balance of the increased expenses is due to the
inclusion of expenses of Intermes  and the other  acquired  companies  discussed
above, and increased  international  selling expenses.  The Company from time to
time is involved with environmental  proceedings and incurs costs on an on-going
basis related to environmental matters.

    Interest  expense  increased  $1,273,000  (16.2%) to  $9,152,000  due to the
issuance on November 26, 1991 of $75,000,000  aggregate  principal amount of the
Company's  8-3/8%  Notes  Due  2003 and the inclusion of the interest expense of



                                                                              23

<PAGE>
Management's Discussion (cont'd.)

Intermes. These increases were partially offset by the conversion of $44,000,000
aggregate  principal  amount of the Company's  7-3/4%  Convertible  Subordinated
Debentures  Due 2014 into  Class A Common  Stock on or prior to March 15,  1992.
Other expense  increased  $417,000  (50.2%) to  $1,248,000  primarily due to the
inclusion of the company's share of the net loss of a partially owned subsidiary
of Intermes.

    Earnings before income taxes decreased  $10,799,000  (18.0%) to $49,140,000.
Net earnings before the change in accounting method decreased $6,219,000 (17.0%)
to  $30,406,000.  If the  Company had not  incurred  the  $7,000,000  of unusual
charges,  net  earnings  before  the  change in  accounting  method  would  have
decreased $1,880,000 (5.1%).

    Effective  retroactively  to July 1, 1992, the Company changed its method of
accounting  for income taxes from the deferred  method to the  liability  method
required by FASB Statement No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". The change is
required for the Company's  fiscal year  beginning  July 1, 1993 (fiscal  1994),
however,  the Company has elected early adoption of the new rules.  As permitted
under the new rules,  prior years' financial  statements were not restated.  The
cumulative  effect  of  adopting  Statement  No.  109 as of July  1,  1992 is to
decrease net earnings  $3,132,000 or $.10 per share for the current fiscal year.
The on-going effect of the net income tax rules is expected to decrease  pre-tax
income by  approximately  $100,000 per year  because of  increased  depreciation
expense as a result of Statement No. 109's requirement to report assets acquired
in prior business  combinations at their pre-tax  amounts.  The net deferred tax
liabilities  at June 30, 1993 will not be  materially  affected by the  recently
enacted federal corporate income tax rate increase.

   The  change in foreign  exchange  rates  since  June 30,  1992 did not have a
material  impact on the results of operations or the financial  condition of the
Company.

    The weighted  average  number of common shares  outstanding on June 30, 1993
increased to 30,089,898  from  28,325,552 for the period ended June 30, 1992 due
to the conversion of the Company's 7-3/4%  Convertible  Subordinated  Debentures
Due 2014 described  above.  Primary earnings per share decreased to $.91 for the
fiscal  year ended June 30,  1993 from $1.29 for the fiscal  year ended June 30,
1992. Fully diluted earnings per share decreased to $.91 from $1.27 for the same
periods.

    The following table illustrates the reasons for the changes in fully diluted
earnings per share:

                                                         Fiscal Year Ended
                                                             June 30,
                                                       -------------------
                                                        1993         1992
                                                       ------       ------
Earnings per share as reported.......................   $.91        $1.27
Change in accounting method..........................    .10
Impact of unusual charges............................    .15
                                                       -----        -----
                                                       $1.16        $1.27
                                                       =====        =====

Liquidity and Capital Resources

   During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, the Company  repurchased  342,700
shares on a  pre-split  basis of its Class A Common  Stock  through  open market
repurchases  for an  aggregate  purchase  price of  $12,064,000.  The  Company's
repurchase  program is now complete.  In July, 1993, a subsidiary of the Company
purchased Ancon Products,  Inc. located in Scarborough,  Ontario,  Canada. Ancon
manufactures  a wide  range of floor and roof  drains,  intercepters,  backwater
valves,  yard hydrants,  and stainless and carbon steel specialty  products used
primarily in commercial and industrial construction  applications.  In November,
1993,  a  subsidiary  of the Company  also  purchased  Enpoco  Canada,  Ltd.,  a
manufacturer of drains located in Ontario,  Canada. The aggregate purchase price
for these acquisitions was U.S.  $4,783,000.  The Company also repaid $1,935,000
of debt acquired with one of the companies. The Company made contingent purchase
price  payments of $6,094,000 as part of the Intermes  acquisition.  The Company


24

<PAGE>
also  spent  $19,928,000  on  capital  expenditures,   primarily   manufacturing
machinery  and  equipment.  The  Company  is  budgeting  $27,000,000  of capital
expenditures  in the fiscal year ending June 30, 1995, as part of its commitment
to continuously improve its manufacturing capabilities.

   Working capital at June 30, 1994 was $246,531,000 compared to $222,652,000 at
June 30, 1993. Cash and short-term investments were $65,000,000 at June 30, 1994
compared to $83,135,000 at June 30, 1993. The ratio of current assets to current
liabilities was 4.3 to 1 at June 30, 1994 compared to 3.8 to 1 at June 30, 1993.
Debt as a  percentage  of total  capital  employed  was  21.4% at June 30,  1994
compared to 23.7% at June 30, 1993.

   Subsequent to fiscal year end, on July 28, 1994, the Company purchased Jameco
Industries, Inc. ("Jameco") of Wyandanch, New York, for a cash purchase price of
$35,200,000.  Jameco  is a  manufacturer  of  metal  and  plastic  water  supply
products,  including  valves,  tubular products and sink strainers that are sold
primarily to residential  construction and home repair and remodeling markets in
the  United  States  and  overseas.   Jameco  had  net  sales  of  approximately
$56,000,000 for the twelve months ended June 30, 1994.

   In August,  1994,  the  Company  entered  into a joint  venture  with a valve
company in Tianjin,  People's Republic of China. The Company will invest a total
of $8,500,000 for a 60% interest in the joint venture during fiscal year 1995.

   In August,  1994,  the Company  acquired the Cryolab  valve product line from
SAES  Pure Gas,  Inc.  for a total  purchase  price of  approximately  $890,000.
Cryolab will be integrated  into the existing  cryogenic  valve  business at the
Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Circle Seal Controls of Corona, California.

   In order to  support  the  Company's  acquisition  program,  working  capital
requirements  which would arise due to acquisitions,  and for general  corporate
purposes,  the Company received a five-year  commitment for an unsecured line of
credit for $125,000,000.

   The Company  anticipates  that available  funds and those funds provided from
current operations will be sufficient to meet current operating requirements and
anticipated capital expenditures for at least the next 24 months.

Quarterly Information

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                               Dividends
Fiscal Quarters                                  Market Price                                  Per Share
                                     1994                              1993                 1994       1993
                              --------------------             --------------------         ----       ----
                               High          Low                High       Low
<S>                           <C>           <C>                <C>         <C>              <C>       <C>
First                         22-1/16       17-1/8             24-1/2      22               $.045     $.035
Second                        25-1/4        21-1/4             25-1/8      22                .045      .035
Third                         28-5/8        23-1/2             24-1/4      19-1/2            .055      .045
Fourth                        27            22-1/4             20-5/8      17-11/16          .055      .045
                                                                                            -----     -----
  Year                                                                                      $.20      $.16
                                                                                            =====     =====
</TABLE>

                                                                              25

<PAGE>
Fifteen Year Financial Summary
(Amounts in thousands, except per share information)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Operating Data                                                     1994         1993        1992         1991        1990
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>
  Net sales                                                      $518,541     $465,796     $423,808     $350,780    $291,861
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Gross profit                                                    196,205      173,693      161,004      134,790     115,167
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                   37.8         37.3         38.0         38.4        39.5
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Selling, general and administrative expenses                    121,597      118,550       96,458       80,584      68,552
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                   23.4         25.5         22.8         23.0        23.5
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Operating income                                                 74,608       55,143       64,546       54,206      46,615
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                   14.4         11.8         15.2         15.5        16.0
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Earnings before income taxes                                     67,335       49,140       59,939       51,332      44,223
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                   13.0        10.55         14.1         14.6        15.2
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Provision for income taxes                                       26,325       18,734       23,314       19,651      16,521
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of earnings before income taxes                                39.1         38.1         38.9         38.2        37.4
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net earnings                                                     41,010       27,274       36,625       31,681      27,702
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                    7.9          5.9          8.6          9.0         9.5
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net earnings before unusual charges & accounting change              --       34,745           --           --          --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net earnings before unusual charges & accounting change       --          7.5           --           --          --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Investment Data
  Total assets                                                   $558,850     $535,675     $475,620     $353,223    $286,761
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Cash and short-term investments                                  65,000       83,135      108,877       76,049      42,031
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Current assets                                                  320,879      301,192      301,291      229,583     181,089
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Current ratio                                                  4.3 to 1     3.8 to 1     5.5 to 1     5.1 to 1    4.3 to 1
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Working capital                                                 246,531      222,652      246,355      184,796     138,640
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Capital expenditures                                             19,928       25,798       18,054       14,101      17,788
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Depreciation and amortization expense                            22,393       20,560       17,630       13,581      11,561
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net property, plant and equipment                               136,249      134,261      105,373       90,309      80,290
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Capital employed:
- - -------------------
    Total debt                                                     98,620      103,834       96,564       66,209      71,100
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Stockholders' equity                                          361,551      335,120      314,893      235,715     170,775
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Capital employed                                              460,171      438,954      411,457      301,924     241,875
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Debt as a % of capital employed                                    21.4         23.7         23.5         21.9        29.4
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Return on Investment Data
  Return on average stockholders' investment less
    ending cash and short-term investments - %                       14.2         10.5         17.5         20.1        20.8
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Return on average stockholders' investment - %                     11.8          8.4         13.7         15.8        17.6
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Per Share Data
  Net earnings - Fully diluted/Before unusual charges &
    accounting change                                              $1.38      $.91/1.16       $1.27        $1.18       $1.06
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Common cash dividends paid                                         .20           .16          .13          .11         .09
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Ending stockholders' equity                                      12.18         11.14        11.12         9.03        6.72
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Weighted average shares outstanding - Fully diluted             29,717        30,098       30,080       28,707      27,955
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                     Please refer to acquisition history on page 28.
26

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Operating Data                                                         1989         1988         1987        1986          1985
<S>                                                                <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
  Net sales                                                        $223,871     $181,353    $145,561     $137,004     $124,372
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Gross profit                                                       86,612       72,628      59,641       54,650       48,384
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     38.7         40.0        41.0         39.9         38.9
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Selling, general and administrative expenses                       48,483       40,502      31,608       30,606       26,948
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     21.7         22.3        21.7         22.3         21.7
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Operating income                                                   38,129       32,126      28,033       24,044       21,436
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     17.0         17.7        19.3         17.5         17.2
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Earnings before income taxes                                       37,758       31,058      27,611       24,197       21,732
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     16.9         17.1        19.0         17.7         17.5
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Provision for income taxes                                         14,743       12,133      13,306       11,427       10,312
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of earnings before income taxes                                  39.0         39.1        48.2         47.2         47.5
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net earnings                                                       23,015       18,925      14,305       12,770       11,420
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     10.3         10.4         9.8          9.3          9.2
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net earnings before unusual charges & accounting change                --           --          --           --           --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net earnings before unusual charges & accounting change         --           --          --           --           --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Investment Data                      
  Total assets                                                     $246,821     $176,760    $148,241     $115,337     $103,829
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Cash and short-term investments                                    79,099       40,405      41,905       16,735       11,905
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Current assets                                                    175,333      118,925      99,542       71,590       65,124
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Current ratio                                                    5.8 to 1     5.1 to 1    6.6 to 1     5.6 to 1     3.7 to 1
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Working capital                                                   145,300       95,734      84,345       58,831       47,636
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Capital expenditures                                               12,257       10,704       7,127       11,688        9,840
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Depreciation and amortization expense                               8,807        6,793       5,399        4,356        3,261
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net property, plant and equipment                                  59,225       52,877      44,793       38,659       31,496
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Capital employed:
- - -------------------
    Total debt                                                       67,165       24,448      23,045       23,611       21,582
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Stockholders' equity                                            143,714      122,944     104,982       75,813       64,052
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Capital employed                                                210,879      147,392     128,027       99,424       85,634
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Debt as a % of capital employed                                      31.9         16.6        18.0         23.7         25.2
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Return on Investment Data
  Return on average stockholders' investment less
    ending cash and short-term investments - %                         21.9         23.1        21.0         21.7         24.5
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Return on average stockholders' investment - %                       17.3         16.6        15.8         18.3         19.4
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Per Share Data
  Net earnings - Fully diluted/Before unusual charges &
    accounting change                                                 $ .91        $ .75       $ .58        $ .56        $ .50
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Common cash dividends paid                                            .07          .05         .03          .04          .02
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Ending stockholders' equity                                          5.69         4.88        4.23         3.31         2.80
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Weighted average shares outstanding - Fully diluted                25,922       25,186      24,816       22,896       22,870
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Operating Data                                                        1984        1983        1982        1981         1980
<S>                                                                <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
  Net sales                                                        $102,551     $77,211     $71,626     $66,023     $54,777
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Gross profit                                                       39,912      30,608      25,253      21,734      16,668
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     38.9        39.6        35.3        32.9        30.4
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Selling, general and administrative expenses                       22,517      17,732      14,469      11,838      10,442
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     22.0        23.0        20.2        17.9        19.1
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Operating income                                                   17,395      12,876      10,784       9,896       6,226
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     17.0        16.7        15.1        15.0        11.4
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Earnings before income taxes                                       17,818      13,226      11,283       9,919       6,216
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                     17.4        17.1        15.8        15.0        11.3
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Provision for income taxes                                          8,306       5,975       4,895       4,765       3,024
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of earnings before income taxes                                  46.6        45.2        43.4        48.0        48.6
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net earnings                                                        9,512       7,251       6,388       5,154       3,192
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net sales                                                      9.3         9.4         8.9         7.8         5.8
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net earnings before unusual charges & accounting change                --          --          --          --          --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    % of net earnings before unusual charges & accounting change         --          --          --          --          --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Investment Data
  Total assets                                                      $80,745     $67,369     $58,150     $49,756     $34,476
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Cash and short-term investments                                    18,966      11,772      13,319       4,020       2,819
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Current assets                                                     60,671      50,092      43,332      35,407      24,026
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Current ratio                                                    3.8 to 1    4.3 to 1    4.1 to 1    2.8 to 1    4.5 to 1
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Working capital                                                    44,701      38,521      32,659      22,948      18,694
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Capital expenditures                                                5,081       5,670       1,483       2,100       2,229
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Depreciation and amortization expense                               2,357       1,954       1,710       1,779         924
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net property, plant and equipment                                  19,582      16,956      13,419      13,647       7,635
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Capital employed:
- - -------------------
    Total debt                                                        9,707      10,145       9,249       6,215       4,009
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Stockholders' equity                                             53,475      44,622      37,393      31,255      25,537
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Capital employed                                                 63,182      54,767      46,642      37,470      29,546
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Debt as a % of capital employed                                      15.4        18.5        19.8        16.6        13.6
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Return on Investment Data
  Return on average stockholders' investment less
    ending cash and short-term investments - %                         25.9        22.9        22.1        19.3        14.4
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Return on average stockholders' investment - %                       19.4        17.7        18.6        17.9        13.3
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Per Share Data
  Net earnings - Fully diluted/Before unusual charges &
    accounting change                                                 $ .42       $ .32       $ .26       $ .21       $ .15
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Common cash dividends paid                                             --          --         .01          --          --
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Ending stockholders' equity                                          2.34        1.95        1.55        1.30        1.22
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Weighted average shares outstanding - Fully diluted                22,860      22,860      24,110      24,122      20,890
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


                                                                              27
<PAGE>

Acquisitions (Fiscal Years)

1995-Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company, Ltd.,
     Jameco Industries, Inc.,
     Cryolab

1994-Enpoco,
     LeHage Industries, Inc.

1993-Edward Barber & Company Ltd.,
     Intermes Group,
     Rockford Controls,
     Waletzko GmbH

1992-Contromatics,
     Henry Pratt Company

1991-Bailey,
     SFR-France,
     Circle Seal Controls

1990-Nicholson Steam Trap,
     Leslie Controls

1989-Eagle Valve Company,
     KF Industries,
     Taras Valve,
     Epps Mfg. Ltd.,
     A.S.M.E. Steam Pop Relief Valves

1988-Ocean B.V.,
     Flippen Float Valves

1987-Muesco Valve Company,
     Prier Frost-Proof Hydrants,
     James Jones Company

1985-Spence Engineering Company,
     Hale Oilfield Products

1874-Watts Regulator Company - Founded


                                                    A LEADER IN VALVE TECHNOLOGY
                                                                        WATTS(R)
                                                                INDUSTRIES, INC.
                                                                      SINCE 1874

28

<PAGE>

(INSIDE BACK COVER)

Directors
Timothy P. Horne
Chairman of the Board,
President and
Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation

David A. Bloss, Sr.
Executive Vice President
of the Corporation

Kenneth J. McAvoy
Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer, Secretary
of the Corporation

Frederic B. Horne
Corporate Vice President
of the Corporation

Noah T. Herndon
Partner of Brown Brothers
Harriman & Company

Gordon W. Moran
President and Chief Executive
Officer
Hollingsworth & Vose Company

Wendy E. Lane
Chairman
Lane Holdings, Inc.

Daniel J. Murphy, III
Chairman
Northmark Bank


Corporate Officers
Timothy P. Horne
Chairman of the Board,
President and
Chief Executive Officer

David A. Bloss, Sr.
Executive Vice President

Kenneth J. McAvoy
Chief Financial Officer,
and Executive Vice President
of European Operations

Frederic B. Horne
Corporate Vice President
 
Suzanne M. Zabitchuck
Corporate Counsel and
Assistant Secretary

William C. McCartney
Vice President of
Finance and Controller

Robert T. McLaurin
Corporate Vice President
Asian Operations

Michael O. Fifer
Vice President
Corporate Development


Division Officers
Paul A. Lacourciere
Executive Vice President
Watts Regulator Company

Kevin R. Sweeney
Executive Vice President
Water Products Division

Ernest E. Elliott
Vice President
Water Products Division

Alfred S. Schommer
Group Vice President
Industrial and Oil & Gas

Edward G. Holtgraver
Group Vice President
Municipal Water

Charles S. Wolley
Group Vice President
Steam

Victor L. Pitt
President
Watts Industries (Canada) Inc.

Jean-Marc Sassier
Managing Director
Watts Industries Europe


Corporate Information

Executive Offices
 815 Chestnut Street
North Andover, MA 01845-6098
Tel. (508) 688-1811
Fax: (508) 688-5841

Registrar and Transfer Agent
The First National Bank of Boston
100 Federal Street
Boston, MA 02110

Counsel
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
Exchange Place
Boston, MA 02109

Auditors
Ernst & Young
200 Clarendon Street
Boston, MA 02116

Annual Meeting
October 18, 1994
10:00 am
Andover Inn
Andover, MA

Stock Listing
National Market System
of NASDAQ
Ticker Symbol: WATTA

Form 10-K
Stockholders may obtain
without charge a copy of the
Company's most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed
with the Securities and Exchange
Commission by writing to
Watts Industries, Inc.
Attn: Chief Financial Officer
815 Chestnut St.
North Andover, MA 01845-6098

<PAGE>

(BACK COVER)

                                The Companies of
                             Watts Industries, Inc.


                               PLUMBING & HEATING

                Watts Regulator Company, Water Products Division
                               North Andover, MA

                         Watts Industries (Canada) Inc.
                          Woodbridge, Ontario, Canada

                      Watts SFR SA, Fressenneville, France

                          Intermes SpA, Caldaro, Italy

                         MTR GmbH, Gemmrigheim, Germany

               G.R.C. Controls S.A., Badalona (Barcelona), Spain

                     Jameco Industries, Inc., Wyandanch, NY


                                 WATER QUALITY

             Watts Regulator Company, Backflow Prevention Division
                               North Andover, MA

                   Watts Ocean B.V., AB Eerbeek, Netherlands


                                MUNICIPAL WATER

                        Henry Pratt Company, Aurora, IL

                       James Jones Company, El Monte, CA

                          Watts ACV, Inc., Houston, TX

                 Edward Barber & Company, Ltd., United Kingdom

                    Tianjin Tanggu Watts Valve Company, Ltd.
                      Tianjin, People's Republic of China


                                     STEAM

                        Leslie Controls, Inc., Tampa, FL

                  Spence Engineering Company, Inc., Walden, NY

                     Nicholson Steam Trap, Inc., Walden, NY

                     R.G. Laurence Company, Inc., Tampa, FL
 

                                   INDUSTRIAL

                    Watts Regulator Co, Industrial Division
                               North Andover, MA

                           Contromatics, Milford, NH

                     Circle Seal Controls, Inc., Corona, CA


                                   OIL & GAS

                     KF Industries, Inc., Oklahoma City, OK

                      Hale Oilfield Products, Houston, TX


(WATTS COMPANY LOGO)

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
