-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 VWKs0duTmYMsk9A8lUdAeZSwOExMgMgc/s/Y131sJaMCRQABu7liPpOTm8ZYeGgz
 WM7L081kRMUmTFOItCcX5w==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000898430-94-000634.txt : 19940829
<IMS-HEADER>0000898430-94-000634.hdr.sgml : 19940829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000898430-94-000634
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940531
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940826

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES INC /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000070318
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	8062
		IRS NUMBER:				952557091
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07293
		FILM NUMBER:		94546160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 4070
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3103158000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 4070
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR 05-31-94
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
 
                               ----------------
 
                                   FORM 10-K
(MARK ONE)
[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
                                      1934
             FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 1994. [FEE REQUIRED]
 
                                       OR
 
[_]
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
                                  ACT OF 1934
      FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM         TO        . [NO FEE REQUIRED]
 
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: I-7293
 
                               ----------------
 
                       NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)
 
                               ----------------
 
                 NEVADA                                95-2557091
    (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF                 (I.R.S. EMPLOYER
     INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)                IDENTIFICATION NO.)
 
 
          2700 COLORADO AVENUE                           90404
        SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA                       (ZIP CODE)
(ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICE)
 
                            AREA CODE (310) 998-8000
              (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)
 
SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
TITLE OF EACH CLASS                         ON WHICH REGISTERED
- -------------------                         ---------------------
<S>                                         <C>
Common Stock                                New York Stock Exchange
                                            Pacific Stock Exchange
12 1/8% Notes Due April 1, 1995             New York Stock Exchange
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights             New York Stock Exchange
                                            Pacific Stock Exchange
</TABLE>
 
                               ----------------
 
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes  X   No
 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K ((S)229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K. [_]
 
  As of July 29, 1994 (the last business day of July) there were 166,194,728
shares of Common Stock outstanding. The aggregate market value of the shares of
Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing
price of these shares on the New York Stock Exchange, was approximately
$2,802,198,043. For the purposes of the foregoing calculation only, all
directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been deemed affiliates.
 
  Portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal
year ended May 31, 1994, have been incorporated by reference into Parts I, II
and IV of this Report. Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement for the
Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders have been incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Report.
 
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
 
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
                         FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT--1994
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           PAGE
                                                                           ----
 <C>         <S>                                                           <C>
 Part I
    Item  1. Business...................................................     1
    Item  2. Properties.................................................    14
    Item  3. Legal Proceedings..........................................    14
    Item  4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders........    18

 Part II
    Item  5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
             Stockholder Matters........................................    19
    Item  6. Selected Financial Data....................................    19
    Item  7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
             and Results of Operations..................................    19
    Item  8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data................    19
    Item  9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
             and Financial Disclosure...................................    19

 Part III
    Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.........    19
    Item 11. Executive Compensation.....................................    19
    Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
             Management.................................................    19
    Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.............    19

 Part IV
    Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and Reports on
             Form 8-K...................................................    20
</TABLE>
- --------
Note: The responses to Items 5 through 8, Items 11 through 13 and portions of
      Items 1, 3, 10 and 14 are included in the Registrant's Annual Report to
      Shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1994, or the definitive Proxy
      Statement for the Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The
      required information is incorporated into this Report by reference to
      those documents and is not repeated herein.
<PAGE>
 
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
                                    GENERAL
 
  National Medical Enterprises, Inc. ("NME" or the "Company") is a leading
investor-owned health care company, engaged primarily in the operation of
domestic and international general hospitals. For all or a portion of fiscal
year 1994, NME's operations were conducted through its Hospital Division (which
includes the Company's general and rehabilitation hospitals), Psychiatric
Division, Management Services Division, International Hospital Division and
Other Businesses. NME's continuing operations are conducted through its
Hospital Division, International Hospital Division, Management Services
Division and Other Businesses.
 
  Fiscal year 1994 was a period of tremendous change for NME. For the first
time in NME's history, it had a new management team. The year started with
Jeffrey C. Barbakow becoming Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Michael
H. Focht becoming President and Chief Operating Officer. During the year the
Company also appointed a new General Counsel and a new Chief Financial Officer.
The Company determined that its top priority would be to resolve the unusual
legal proceedings then facing NME.
 
  As fiscal year 1994 began, NME faced significant litigation with various
insurers concerning NME's Psychiatric Division Facilities (as defined below),
class-action lawsuits by certain shareholders, psychiatric patient litigation
alleging fraud and conspiracy and investigations by various state and federal
agencies aimed principally at NME's freestanding psychiatric hospitals,
residential treatment centers and substance abuse recovery facilities
(collectively, the "Psychiatric Division Facilities"). The legal challenges
facing NME reached their peak in August 1993, when federal agents served NME's
Psychiatric Division headquarters in Santa Monica, California as well as
various regional offices and facilities with search warrants and subpoenas in
connection with the government investigations. By the end of the year, NME had
resolved the litigation between NME and the insurers, had resolved 90 of the
cases brought by psychiatric patients alleging fraud and conspiracy
(approximately two-thirds of such cases that had been filed to date) and had
reached an agreement in principle to resolve claims by federal and state
agencies. In the first quarter of fiscal year 1995, NME entered into definitive
agreements that brought a close to all federal investigations and substantially
all state claims pending against NME and its subsidiaries. These matters and
other legal proceedings are discussed in more detail under Legal Proceedings on
page 14.
 
  During the year NME's management also concluded that it would be in the best
interest of the shareholders for NME to focus on its core business, operating
domestic and international general hospitals. During fiscal year 1994, NME sold
29 of its 35 rehabilitation hospitals, retaining six rehabilitation hospitals
located on the same campus as or nearby certain of its general hospitals (the
"Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals").
 
                                       1
<PAGE>
 
  On November 30, 1993, the Company decided to discontinue its Psychiatric
Division Facilities business and adopted a plan to dispose of those Facilities.
Beginning as of November 30, 1993, the financial results of the Psychiatric
Division Facilities have been treated as discontinued operations for accounting
purposes. During fiscal year 1994, NME sold 15 Psychiatric Division Facilities.
In addition, on March 29, 1994, NME entered into agreements to sell 47 of the
remaining Psychiatric Division Facilities to Charter Medical Corporation
("Charter"). On June 30, 1994, NME sold 27 of those 47 facilities. The sale of
17 of the remaining 20 facilities to be sold to Charter is subject to approval
by the Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), which has requested additional
information concerning such sales. The Company and Charter are responding to
the FTC's request. No specific date has been set to close these sales, except
that if such closings do not occur prior to September 30, 1994, and the parties
do not extend that date, the agreement will terminate on September 30. Based on
discussions to date with the FTC, the Company believes it may not be able to
sell at least five facilities to Charter. However, it believes it will receive
similar proceeds upon their sale to other parties. The other three facilities
being sold to Charter have FTC approval and are expected to be sold at a later
date. NME plans to sell or close all but four of the 15 Psychiatric Division
Facilities remaining at May 31, 1994, and not being sold to Charter. During the
first quarter of fiscal year 1995, NME sold four of those Psychiatric Division
Facilities to other parties. The four Psychiatric Division Facilities being
retained are located on the same campus as or nearby certain of its general
hospitals (the "Campus Psychiatric Facilities").
 
  At May 31, 1994, NME operated, domestically, 35 general hospitals (two of
which were sold during the first quarter of fiscal year 1995) and six
rehabilitation hospitals. In addition, NME continued to operate as a
discontinued business 54 Psychiatric Division Facilities. The financial results
of the general hospitals and the rehabilitation hospitals are included in the
financial results of the Hospital Division. NME's Management Services Division
manages 20 psychiatric units and 10 rehabilitation units within general
hospitals owned by others and manages one freestanding psychiatric hospital for
a third party. In addition, NME's Management Services Division manages eight
psychiatric units, three substance abuse recovery facilities and seven
rehabilitation units within NME's general hospitals. Beginning as of November
30, 1993, the financial results of the management of the psychiatric units and
psychiatric hospital were reported in the financial results of the Hospital
Division and prior to that were reported in the financial results of the
Psychiatric Division. The financial results of the management of the
rehabilitation units were reported in the financial results of the Hospital
Division for all of fiscal year 1994.
 
  The financial results of NME's International Hospital Division, which
operates and manages general hospitals and other health care businesses located
outside the United States, are included in the financial results of the
Hospital Division. NME's international operations continued to grow during
fiscal year 1994. During the year NME entered into an agreement with Bumrungrad
Hospital Corporation, a Thai company listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand,
to develop the 554-bed tertiary care Bumrungrad Medical Center in Bangkok,
Thailand. That hospital is expected to open during the first quarter of fiscal
year 1997. NME's 184-bed tertiary care hospital, Centro Medico Teknon, opened
in Barcelona, Spain, in February 1994. In the first quarter of fiscal 1994, NME
purchased the 50% interest of its joint venture partner in that hospital and
now is the sole owner of the hospital. NME continues to operate and manage two
general hospitals in Singapore and owns a minority interest in a 17-story
medical office building adjacent to one of those hospitals. NME also provides
management services for the Subang Jaya Medical Centre (in which it owns a 30%
interest) in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The Subang Jaya Medical Centre is expected
to open a new 150-bed tower during the second quarter of fiscal 1995. NME also
owns a 52% interest in Australian Medical Enterprises Limited ("AME"), an
Australian hospital management company that operates four hospitals in the
Perth area, five hospitals in the Sydney area and a large pathology laboratory
in Western Australia. In fiscal year 1994, AME began building the new 202-bed
St. George Hospital outside of Sydney.
 
  NME continues to own a 42% equity interest in Westminster Health Care
Holdings PLC ("Westminster"). Westminster, formerly NME's 90% owned United
Kingdom nursing home subsidiary, completed its initial public offering of
common stock in fiscal year 1993. NME's share of Westminster's earnings are
included in the financial results of NME's Other Businesses.
 
 
                                       2
<PAGE>
 
  NME restructured its relationship with its former subsidiary, The Hillhaven
Corporation ("Hillhaven"), in fiscal year 1994. Following Hillhaven's spinoff
in fiscal year 1990, NME continued to lease facilities to, lend money (in
connection with the sale of facilities) to and guaranty substantial obligations
of, Hillhaven. As described in more detail on page 5, in fiscal year 1994 NME
sold to Hillhaven all of the facilities previously leased by NME to Hillhaven,
Hillhaven repaid to NME all amounts previously loaned by NME to Hillhaven and
Hillhaven caused NME to be released from approximately $370,000,000 of the
$706,000,000 of Hillhaven debt and lease obligations for which NME had been
contingently liable. NME also exercised all of its Warrants to purchase
6,000,000 shares of Hillhaven Common Stock, following which NME owned at May
31, 1994, 8,878,147 shares (approximately 32.9%) of Hillhaven Common Stock,
35,000 shares of Hillhaven's cumulative non-voting 8 1/4% Series C Preferred
Stock and 60,546 shares of Hillhaven's cumulative non-voting 6 1/2% payable-in-
kind Series D Preferred Stock. NME did not transfer as part of the spinoff, and
continued to operate through fiscal year 1994, freestanding and mobile kidney
dialysis units (which were operated by NME's Medical Ambulatory Care ("MAC")
subsidiary), and seven domestic long term care facilities (which are managed by
Hillhaven) adjacent to NME hospitals. NME's share of Hillhaven's earnings,
NME's lease income from Hillhaven prior to restructuring its relationship with
Hillhaven, NME's guaranty fee income from Hillhaven, the financial results of
MAC's operations and the financial results of NME's long term care facilities
are included in the financial results of NME's Other Businesses. In September
1993, Hillhaven effected a one-for-five reverse stock split of its common
stock. All of the numbers above have been adjusted to reflect that reverse
stock split.
 
  In the first quarter of fiscal year 1995, MAC sold units (consisting
primarily of debt but including some non-voting common stock) to the public and
then sold shares constituting a majority interest in MAC to an affiliate of an
investment banking firm and MAC's management, reducing NME's equity interest in
MAC to approximately 25%. MAC paid NME a $75,500,000 dividend with the proceeds
of MAC's public sale of the units and the proceeds of a loan to MAC from a
group of banks.
 
  The health care industry in the United States is going through a period of
great uncertainty. The federal government and various states have set the
reform of the health care system as one of their primary goals. It is not clear
at this time what form any such reforms may take or what impact such reforms
will have on NME's financial performance, but NME believes that some of the
pressures leading to the call for reform and the uncertainty concerning the
scope and substance of any changes to the health care system have affected its
operations. Furthermore, restrictions imposed by government and third party
payors, including what commonly is referred to as "utilization review" and
"managed care," have resulted in a reduction of payments for, or limited the
availability of, certain treatments and procedures. These matters are discussed
in more detail under Health Care Reform, Regulation, Licensing and Insurance on
page 11.
 
  NME's fiscal year 1994 net operating revenues from continuing operations were
derived 94.6% from its Hospital Division and 5.4% from its Other Businesses.
Under segment reporting criteria, NME believes its only material business
segment is "health care," which contributed substantially all of the Company's
net operating revenues and operating profits in fiscal year 1994. See the
discussion of NME's revenues and operations in "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained in NME's
1994 Annual Report to Shareholders.
 
                                       3
<PAGE>
 
                               HOSPITAL DIVISION
 
  NME's general hospitals offer acute care services with fully equipped
operating and recovery rooms, radiology services, intensive care and coronary
care nursing units, pharmacies, clinical laboratories, respiratory therapy
services, physical therapy services and outpatient facilities. At May 31, 1994,
NME's Hospital Division operated domestically 35 general hospitals (two of
which were sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 1995), 27 of which are
owned by NME's wholly-owned subsidiary, NME Hospitals, Inc., one of which is on
leased land and eight of which are owned by and leased from others (including
two leased from general partnerships in which NME owns interests). The Hospital
Division also operates the Campus Psychiatric Facilities and Campus
Rehabilitation Hospitals.
 
  At May 31, 1994, the Company's International Hospital Division (the
operations of which are included in the financial results of the Hospital
Division) operated two hospitals in Singapore (650 beds), operated 10 hospitals
(689 beds) (the operations of one of which have been suspended pending their
merger into the operations of a new hospital for which a license was granted in
fiscal year 1994) and a laboratory business in Australia, a hospital (184 beds)
in Barcelona, Spain (which now is wholly-owned by NME following its purchase in
the first quarter of fiscal 1994 of its joint venture partner's 50% interest),
and managed one hospital (225 beds) (in which it owns a 30% interest) in Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia. During the year NME also entered into a joint venture to
develop a new 554-bed tertiary care hospital in Bangkok, Thailand. That
hospital is expected to be completed during the first quarter of fiscal year
1997.
 
  During fiscal year 1994, the Company entered into a long-term lease of one
general hospital (138 beds). In addition, the Company added a total of 67 beds
to three existing general hospitals and eliminated 30 beds from four other
existing general hospitals, all in the United States. The Company sold one
domestic general hospital (120 beds) during fiscal year 1994 and two general
hospitals (202 beds) during the first quarter of fiscal year 1995.
 
  The following table lists, by state, the number of general hospitals owned or
leased by NME and operated domestically as of May 31, 1994 (including the two
general hospitals sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 1995):
 
                       OWNED OR LEASED GENERAL HOSPITALS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    LICENSED
           STATE                                NO.   BEDS
           -----                                --- --------
           <S>                                  <C> <C>
           California..........................  17  2,943
           Florida.............................   5  1,168
           Louisiana...........................   5    849
           Missouri............................   2    527
           Tennessee...........................   2    421
           Texas...............................   4    965
                                                ---  -----
               Totals..........................  35  6,873
                                                ===  =====
</TABLE>
 
  The above table does not include the Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals or the
Campus Psychiatric Facilities.
 
  The following table shows certain information about the general hospitals
owned or leased domestically by NME, for the fiscal years ended May 31:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              1994   1993   1992   1991   1990
                                              -----  -----  -----  -----  -----
   <S>                                        <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
   Total number of facilities................    35     35     35     35     37
   Total number of licensed beds............. 6,873  6,818  6,559  6,591  6,731
   Average occupancy during the period.......    47%    48%    51%    52%    51%
</TABLE>
 
                                       4
<PAGE>
 
  NME sold 28 of its 35 rehabilitation hospitals to HEALTHSOUTH Rehabilitation
Corporation for approximately $350,000,000 and one rehabilitation hospital to a
third party for approximately $14,000,000 in fiscal year 1994, retaining the
six Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals. The financial results of the
rehabilitation hospitals were included in the financial results of the Hospital
Division in fiscal year 1994.
 
                                OTHER BUSINESSES
 
  NME continues to own a 42% equity interest in Westminster. Westminster,
formerly NME's 90% owned United Kingdom nursing home subsidiary, completed its
initial public offering of common stock on April 15, 1993 (the "Offering"). At
May 31, 1994, Westminster owned and operated 56 nursing homes in the United
Kingdom. NME recognizes its share of Westminster's earnings using the equity
method of accounting. Those earnings are included in the financial results of
NME's Other Businesses. In connection with the Offering, NME and Westminster
entered into an agreement governing their future relationship. That agreement
provides that: (1) NME will be entitled to nominate three, two or one
representative(s) to Westminster's nine-member board of directors so long as
NME owns 30%, 20% or 10% or more, respectively, of Westminster's shares; (2)
NME may not purchase or sell shares in Westminster prior to April 15, 1995,
without the consent of Westminster's directors not nominated by NME; (3) NME
may purchase or sell Westminster's shares during the third year following the
Offering so long as it notifies Westminster before doing so and may purchase or
sell shares without restriction after the third year following the Offering so
long as it does not acquire 50% or more of Westminster's stock prior to the
sixth anniversary of the Offering; and (4) as long as NME holds 30% or more of
Westminster's stock (a) both companies have agreed not to operate facilities
within 30 miles of each other and to seek to avoid conflicts of interest and
minimize the extent of competition between their operations and (b) NME has
agreed not to compete with Westminster in the business of nursing home care in
the United Kingdom and Westminster has agreed not to compete with NME in the
business of nursing home care in the United States or Australia.
 
  NME restructured its relationship with Hillhaven in fiscal year 1994.
Following Hillhaven's spinoff in fiscal year 1990, NME continued to lease
facilities to, lend money (in connection with the sale of facilities) to and
guaranty substantial obligations of, Hillhaven. During fiscal year 1994 (1) NME
sold to Hillhaven, for $111,800,000, the 23 remaining long term care facilities
previously leased by NME to Hillhaven, (2) Hillhaven repaid to NME $149,000,000
previously loaned to Hillhaven, (3) Hillhaven caused NME to be released from
approximately $370,000,000 of the $706,000,000 of Hillhaven debt and lease
obligations for which NME had been contingently liable and (4) NME purchased
120,000 shares of Hillhaven non-voting Series D Preferred Stock for
$120,000,000. Hillhaven continues to pay a guaranty fee to NME, calculated as a
percentage of the debt and lease obligations on which NME remains contingently
liable. On February 28, 1994, NME exercised all of its Warrants to purchase
6,000,000 shares of Hillhaven Common Stock. NME paid the $63,300,000 exercise
price by tendering 63,300 shares of Hillhaven cumulative non-voting Series D
Preferred Stock previously acquired by NME. The terms of the Series D Preferred
Stock expressly provided that it could be tendered to pay the exercise price of
the Warrants. Following NME's exercise of the Warrants, it owned at May 31,
1994, 8,878,147 shares of Hillhaven Common Stock, which constitutes
approximately 32.9% of Hillhaven's outstanding Common Stock, 35,000 shares of
Hillhaven's cumulative non-voting 8 1/4% Series C Preferred Stock and 60,546
shares of Hillhaven's cumulative non-voting 6 1/2% payable-in-kind Series D
Preferred Stock. NME did not transfer as part of the spinoff, and continued to
operate through fiscal year 1994, freestanding and mobile kidney dialysis units
(which are operated by NME's MAC subsidiary), and seven domestic long term care
facilities (all of which are managed by Hillhaven and are adjacent to NME
hospitals and one of which, The John Douglas French Center, is a special care
facility for victims of Alzheimer's disease). During fiscal year 1994, NME paid
Hillhaven approximately $2,334,000 for managing those seven long term care
facilities. NME's share of Hillhaven's earnings, NME's lease and guaranty fee
income from Hillhaven, the financial results of MAC's operations and the
financial results of NME's long term care facilities are included in the
financial results of NME's Other Businesses. In September 1993, Hillhaven
effected a one-for-five reverse stock split of its common stock. All of the
numbers above have been adjusted to reflect that reverse stock split.
 
                                       5
<PAGE>
 
  In the first quarter of fiscal year 1995, MAC sold units (consisting
primarily of debt but including some non-voting common stock) to the public and
then sold shares constituting a majority interest in MAC to an affiliate of an
investment banking firm and MAC's management, reducing NME's equity interest in
MAC to approximately 25%. MAC paid NME a $75,500,000 dividend with the proceeds
of MAC's public sale of the units and the proceeds of a loan to MAC from a
group of banks.
 
                              PSYCHIATRIC DIVISION
 
  On November 30, 1993, the Company decided to discontinue its Psychiatric
Division Facilities business and adopted a plan to dispose of those Facilities.
Beginning as of November 30, 1993, the financial results of the Psychiatric
Division Facilities have been treated as discontinued operations for accounting
purposes.
 
  During fiscal year 1994, NME sold 15 Psychiatric Division Facilities. In
addition, on March 29, 1994, NME entered into agreements to sell 47 of the
remaining Psychiatric Division Facilities to Charter for a total purchase price
of approximately $200,000,000. On June 30, 1994, NME sold 27 of those 47
facilities to Charter for a total purchase price of approximately $129,000,000.
The sale to Charter of 17 other facilities is subject to approval by the FTC,
which has requested additional information concerning such sales. The Company
and Charter are responding to the FTC's request. No specific date has been set
to close these sales, except that if such closings do not occur prior to
September 30, 1994, and the parties do not extend that date, the agreement will
terminate on September 30. Based on discussions to date with the FTC, the
Company believes it may not be able to sell at least five facilities to
Charter. However, it believes it will receive similar proceeds upon their sale
to other parties. The other three facilities being sold to Charter have FTC
approval and are expected to be sold at a later date. Except for the four
Campus Psychiatric Facilities that are being retained, NME plans to sell or
close all of the 62 Psychiatric Division Facilities that were remaining at May
31, 1994 (including the 47 facilities being sold to Charter). During the first
quarter of fiscal year 1995, in addition to the 27 facilities sold to Charter,
NME sold four of those Psychiatric Division Facilities to other parties.
 
                                   PROPERTIES
 
  The corporate headquarters of NME and of its operating divisions are located
in an approximately 310,000 square foot office building owned by NME and
located in Santa Monica, California. At May 31, 1994, NME and its operating
subsidiaries also were leasing other office space in Fairfax, Virginia; Tampa,
Florida; Irving, Texas; and Los Angeles, Modesto, Santa Ana and Santa Monica,
California.
 
  As of May 31, 1994, NME operated domestically 28 medical office buildings,
including 24 that are leased from others, most of which are adjacent to general
hospitals. These buildings are occupied by approximately 700 physicians.
 
  The number of licensed beds and locations of the Company's general hospitals
are described onpage 4. As of May 31, 1994, NME had approximately $171,000,000
of outstanding loans secured by real property and approximately $49,000,000 of
capitalized lease obligations. The Company believes that all of these
properties, as well as the administrative and medical office buildings
described above, are suitable for their intended purposes.
 
  The Company has announced that it intends to sell its corporate headquarters
building in Santa Monica, California, and established a reserve at May 31,
1994, to cover the loss that the Company expects to incur. The Company intends
to announce whether it will be leasing back a portion of the building or moving
to new space in southern California once a decision has been made.
 
                                       6
<PAGE>
 
                          MEDICAL STAFF AND EMPLOYEES
 
  NME's hospitals are staffed by licensed physicians who have been admitted to
the medical staff of individual hospitals. Members of the medical staffs of
NME's hospitals often serve on the medical staffs of hospitals not owned by the
Company and may terminate their affiliation with the NME hospital or shift
their admissions to competing hospitals at any time. With minor exceptions,
physicians are not employees of the Company. Nurses, therapists, lab
technicians, facility maintenance staff and the administrative staff of
hospitals, however, normally are employees of the Company.
 
  The number of NME employees (of which approximately 31% were part-time
employees) at May 31, 1994, was approximately as follows:
 
<TABLE>
      <S>                                                                 <C>
      Hospital Division (1).............................................. 28,500
      International Hospital Division....................................  4,800
      Psychiatric Division (2)...........................................  4,400
      Management Services Division.......................................    400
      Other Businesses...................................................    200
      Corporate Office...................................................    500
                                                                          ------
          Total.......................................................... 38,800
                                                                          ======
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Includes employees whose employment relates to the operations of the Campus
    Psychiatric Facilities and the Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals.
 
(2) Does not include employees whose employment relates to the operations of
    the Campus Psychiatric Facilities. The operations of the Psychiatric
    Division are treated as discontinued operations. This data is included for
    informational purposes only.
 
  NME is subject to the federal minimum wage and hour laws and maintains
various employee benefit plans. Labor relations at NME's facilities have been
satisfactory. A small percentage of NME's employees are represented by labor
unions. Although the Company currently is not experiencing a shortage of
nursing personnel, the availability of nursing personnel fluctuates from year
to year, and the Company cannot predict the degree to which it will be affected
by the future availability and cost of nursing personnel.
 
  During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 1994, NME hired a management
consulting firm to conduct a study analyzing the functions being performed at
NME's corporate and regional offices. The goal was to reduce overhead costs. As
a result of that study, which is expected to result in projected annual savings
for NME of approximately $32,000,000, 240 positions from NME's corporate office
and the Hospital Division's district and regional offices have been or will be
eliminated prior to the end of fiscal year 1995. NME established a reserve at
May 31, 1994, to cover the cost of severance packages and other costs related
to the reduction in force.
 
                                       7
<PAGE>
 
                                  COMPETITION
 
  NME's general hospitals, Campus Psychiatric Facilities and Campus
Rehabilitation Hospitals (collectively, "Health Care Facilities") operate in
competitive environments. A Health Care Facility's competitive position within
its "Primary Service Area" (the geographic area in which a facility is located
and from which it receives the majority of its patients) is affected by such
competitive factors as the quality of care provided, including the number,
quality and specialties of the physicians, nurses and other health care
professionals on staff, its reputation, the number of competitive facilities,
the state of its physical plant, the quality and the state of the art of its
medical equipment, its location and, in the case of private patients, its
charges for services. Non-profit or government-owned competitors may have
certain financial advantages such as endowments, charitable contributions and
tax-exempt financing not available to NME facilities. The length of time a
facility has been a part of the community and the availability of other health
care alternatives are also competitive factors.
 
  An emerging factor in the competitive position of NME's facilities is the
ability of NME to obtain managed care contracts with purchasers of group health
care services such as health maintenance organizations ("HMO's"), preferred
provider organizations ("PPO's"), employers and traditional health insurers
(collectively, "Group Purchasers"). Group Purchasers contract with health care
providers for discounted or per capita rates in exchange for sending some or
all of their members/employees to those providers. The importance of obtaining
managed care contracts has increased over the years as employers and others
attempt to control rising health care costs. NME, as a national healthcare
provider with 33 general hospitals, four Campus Psychiatric Facilities and six
Campus Rehabilitation Facilities in six states, is well positioned to compete
in the managed care market, and its Health Care Facilities have been actively
pursuing and entering into such contracts both on a local and national level.
To facilitate its managed care contracting, NME's facilities are exploring and
entering into various physician-hospital alliances, which are expected to
enable NME's facilities to offer an integrated delivery system of healthcare
that will appeal to payors.
 
  The Company, and the health care industry as a whole, face the challenge of
continuing to provide quality patient care while dealing with rising costs,
strong competition for patients and a general reduction of reimbursement rates
by both private and government payors. As both private and government payors
reduce the scope of what may be reimbursed and reduce reimbursement levels for
what is covered, national and state efforts to reform the United States health
care system may further impact reimbursement rates. Changes in medical
technology, existing and future legislation, regulations and interpretations
and competitive contracting for provider services by private and government
payors may require changes in the Company's facilities, equipment, personnel,
rates and/or services in the future.
 
  The general hospital industry and the Company's general hospitals continue to
have significant unused capacity, and thus there is substantial competition for
patients. Inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and average occupancy
continue to be negatively affected by payor-required pre-admission
authorization, utilization review and by payor pressure to maximize outpatient
and alternative health care delivery services for less acutely ill patients.
Increased competition, admissions constraints and payor pressures are expected
to continue. There continue to be increases in inpatient acuity and intensity
of services as less intensive services shift from an inpatient to an outpatient
basis or to alternative health care delivery services because of technology
improvements and as cost controls by payors become greater. Allowances and
discounts are expected to continue to rise, and to cause decreases in revenues,
because of increasing cost controls by government and Group Purchasers and
because of the increasing percentage of business (and related discounts) from
Group Purchasers. To meet these challenges, the Company has expanded many of
its general hospitals' facilities to include outpatient centers, offers
discounts to private payor groups, enters into capitation contracts in some
service areas, upgrades facilities and equipment and offers new programs and
services.
 
  In most cases, hospital revenues depend on the physicians on staff who admit
or refer patients to the hospital. Physicians refer patients to hospitals on
the basis of the quality of services provided by the hospital to patients and
their physicians, the hospital's location, the quality of the medical staff
affiliated with the hospital and the quality of the hospital's facilities,
equipment and employees. While a physician may
 
                                       8
<PAGE>
 
terminate his or her association with a hospital at any time, NME believes that
by striving to maintain and improve the excellence of care of its hospitals and
by maintaining high ethical and professional standards, it will retain
qualified physicians with a variety of specialties and attract other qualified
physicians to its hospitals' medical staffs. A hospital's revenues also may be
affected by the ability of its management to negotiate favorable group health
service contracts with Group Purchasers. The number of persons and the patient
mix represented by such group contracts affect the impact such contracts have
on hospital operating results.
 
  NME's Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals, whose patients primarily are referred
from general hospitals by neurologists, neurosurgeons, orthopedists, internists
and physiatrists, typically benefit from a broader geographic and other
referral base than general hospitals. Because they must compete in both the
Primary Service Area and a broader regional service area, they engage in
comprehensive outreach programs.
 
  NME's Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals compete for patients and to attract
qualified physicians and other health care professionals primarily with
freestanding rehabilitation hospitals, rehabilitation units within general
hospitals, freestanding sub-acute centers, sub-acute units within general
hospitals and skilled nursing facilities.
 
  Each of NME's Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals and managed units offers highly
specialized programs, such as treatment for closed head injuries, spinal cord
injuries and neurological diseases and return to work programs. Some of those
hospitals and managed units also provide less intensive services such as a
transitional living program to help patients prepare for a return to their
lives outside of the facility, skilled nursing care and outpatient care.
 
OTHER BUSINESSES
 
  The value of NME's investments in Hillhaven, Westminster and MAC is affected
by many factors. One important factor is the competitive position of Hillhaven,
Westminster and MAC. NME believes that these companies are well positioned to
take advantage of their relative competitive strengths within the long term
care business in the United States and the United Kingdom, respectively, and
the dialysis business in the United States.
 
                     MEDICARE, MEDICAID AND OTHER REVENUES
 
  NME-operated facilities receive payments for patient care from private
insurance carriers, federal Medicare programs for elderly and disabled
patients, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations,
state Medicaid programs for indigent and cash grant patients, Civilian Health
and Medical Program of Uniformed Services ("CHAMPUS"), employers and patients
directly. In general, Medicare payments for general hospital outpatient
services, psychiatric care and physical rehabilitation are based on allowable
costs subject to certain limits. General hospital inpatient services are
reimbursed under Medicare based on a prospective payment system ("PPS"),
discussed below. Payments from state Medicaid programs are based on reasonable
costs or are at fixed rates. Substantially all Medicare and Medicaid payments
are below retail rates for NME-operated facilities. Payments from other sources
usually are based on the hospital's established charges, a percentage discount
or all-inclusive per diem rates.
 
  Medicare payments for general hospital inpatient care are based on a PPS that
generally has been applicable to NME facilities since June, 1984. Under the
PPS, a general hospital receives for each Medicare patient a fixed amount for
operating costs based on each Medicare patient's assigned diagnostic related
group ("DRG"). The DRG payments do not consider a specific hospital's costs,
but are adjusted for area wage differentials. DRG payments exclude the
reimbursement of (a) capital costs, including depreciation, interest relating
to capital expenditures, property tax and lease expenses ("Capital Costs"), and
(b) outpatient services. These exclusions are discussed below.
 
                                       9
<PAGE>
 
  Medicare reimburses general hospitals' Capital Costs separately from DRG
payments. Beginning June 1, 1992, a prospective payment system for Medicare
reimbursement of general hospitals' inpatient Capital Costs ("PPS-CC"),
described in the following paragraph, generally became effective with respect
to the Company's general hospitals. The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1990 ("OBRA '90") provides that through September 30, 1995, the total annual
estimated aggregate payment to all PPS hospitals for Capital Costs under the
PPS-CC is to be 10% less than the estimated aggregate amount that would be paid
if all such hospitals were to be reimbursed for 100% of their actual Capital
Costs.
 
  The PPS-CC applies an estimated national average of Medicare Capital Costs
per patient discharge (the "Federal Rate") in making payments to each
individual hospital based on its actual number of patient discharges. The
Federal Rate is based on national 1989 Capital Costs and patient discharges and
has been and will be updated annually to reflect estimated increases in Capital
Costs per patient discharge. In addition, the Federal Rate actually applied to
each hospital is adjusted based on various factors such as that hospital's case
mix and geographic location. The Company expects PPS-CC payments for the 12
months beginning October 1, 1994, to be lower than the payments for the prior
12-month period.
 
  Rules adopted by the Health Care Financing Administration ("HCFA") provide
that the PPS-CC will be phased in over a 10-year transition period, during
which many hospitals' actual Capital Costs will be given less consideration,
and the Federal Rate will be given more consideration, each year. The Company's
general hospitals will receive a major portion of their reimbursement in the
early years of the transition period based on their own Capital Costs. The
impact in later years will depend on the Company's need for new capital as
compared to the updated Federal Rate.
 
  Outpatient services provided at general hospitals, physical rehabilitation
facilities and psychiatric facilities generally are reimbursed by Medicare at
the lower of customary charges or 94.2% of actual cost. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Congress has established additional limits on the reimbursement of
the following outpatient services: (i) clinical laboratory services, which are
reimbursed based on a fee schedule, and (ii) ambulatory surgery procedures and
certain imaging and other diagnostic procedures, which are reimbursed based on
a blend of the hospital's specific cost and the rate paid by Medicare to non-
hospital providers for such services.
 
  For several years the percentage increases to the DRG rates have been lower
than the percentage increases in the cost of goods and services purchased by
general hospitals. The index used by HCFA to adjust the DRG rates gives
consideration to the cost of goods and services purchased by hospitals as well
as non-hospitals (the "Market Basket"). The increase in the Market Basket for
the year beginning October 1, 1994, has been estimated by HCFA to be 3.6%, but
is subject to change. Based on the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993
("OBRA '93"), the DRG rates for urban hospitals will be adjusted by the annual
Market Basket percentage change: (1) minus 2.5%, effective October 1, 1994, (2)
minus 2.0%, effective October 1, 1995, (3) minus .5%, effective October 1,
1996, and (4) without reduction, effective October 1, 1997 and each year
thereafter, unless altered by subsequent legislation. Substantially all NME
hospitals are urban hospitals.
 
  Hospitals exempt from the PPS, such as qualified psychiatric and physical
rehabilitation facilities, are reimbursed by Medicare on a cost-based system
wherein target rates for each facility are used in applying various limitations
and incentives. Based on the provisions of OBRA '90, such NME facilities
received a Market Basket increase of 3.3% in target rates effective June 1,
1994. Based on OBRA '93, the target rates for NME's hospitals exempt from the
PPS are scheduled to be adjusted on June 1, 1995, 1996 and 1997 by the
applicable annual Market Basket percentage change minus 1%. Proposals have been
made that would change the method of payment for services provided at these
facilities to a prospective payment system. OBRA '90 requires the Department of
Health and Human Services to develop a proposal to modify the current target
rate system or to replace it with a prospective payment system. It is not known
if any such proposals will be implemented.
 
                                       10
<PAGE>
 
  OBRA '93 provides for certain budget targets for the next four years which,
if not met, may result in adjustments in payment rates. The Company is unable
to predict whether there will be any future reductions in hospital payments due
to existing or future legislation.
 
  The Medicare, Medicaid and CHAMPUS programs are subject to statutory and
regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations,
requirements for utilization review and governmental funding restrictions, all
of which may materially increase or decrease program payments as well as affect
the cost of providing services and the timing of payments to facilities. The
final determination of amounts earned under the programs often requires many
years, because of audits by the program representatives, providers' rights of
appeal and the application of numerous technical reimbursement provisions.
Management believes that adequate provision has been made for such adjustments.
Until final adjustment, however, significant issues remain unresolved and
previously determined allowances could become either inadequate or more than
ultimately required.
 
  The approximate percentages of NME's net patient revenue by payment sources
for NME's general hospitals are as follows for the fiscal years ended May 31:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1994  1993  1992  1991  1990
                                                   ----  ----  ----  ----  ----
   <S>                                             <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>   <C>
   Medicare....................................... 35.9% 33.9% 32.1% 31.8% 33.4%
   Medicaid.......................................  8.5%  7.5   6.4   6.0   5.9
   Private and Other.............................. 55.6% 58.6  61.5  62.2  60.7
                                                   ----  ----  ----  ----  ----
       Totals.....................................  100%  100%  100%  100%  100%
                                                   ----  ----  ----  ----  ----
</TABLE>
 
            HEALTH CARE REFORM, REGULATION, LICENSING AND INSURANCE
 
CERTAIN BACKGROUND INFORMATION
 
  Health care, as one of the largest industries in the United States, continues
to attract much legislative interest and public attention. Medicare, Medicaid,
mandatory and other public and private hospital cost-containment programs,
proposals to limit health care spending, proposals to limit prices and industry
competitive factors are highly significant to the health care industry.
 
  There continue to be federal and state proposals that would, and actions that
do, impose more limitations on government and private payments to providers
such as NME and proposals to increase co-payments and deductibles from program
and private patients. NME's facilities also are affected by controls imposed by
government and private payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of
stay. Such controls, including what is commonly referred to as "utilization
review," have resulted in a reduction of patient access to certain treatments
and procedures. Utilization review by third party peer review organizations
("PRO's") is required in connection with the provision of care paid for by
Medicare and Medicaid. Utilization review by third parties also is a
requirement of many managed care arrangements. Utilization review entails the
review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by a third party.
 
  Florida and Tennessee have adopted, and other states are considering
adopting, legislation imposing a tax on revenues of hospitals to help finance
or expand those States' Medicaid systems. The Company currently operates as
part of its ongoing operations five general hospitals, two domestic long term
care facilities (which are managed by Hillhaven), one Campus Psychiatric
Facility and one Campus Rehabilitation Hospital in Florida and two general
hospitals in Tennessee.
 
  Some states require state approval for construction and expansion of health
care facilities, including findings of need for additional or expanded health
care facilities or services. Certificates of Need, which are issued by
governmental agencies with jurisdiction over health care facilities, are at
times required for capital expenditures exceeding a prescribed amount, changes
in bed capacity or services and certain other matters. Following a number of
years of decline, the number of states requiring Certificates of Need is once
again on the rise. State legislators once again are looking at the certificate-
of-need process as a way to contain rising health care costs.
 
                                       11
<PAGE>
 
  Participation in the Medicare program is regulated by federal statute. The
fraud and abuse anti-kickback provisions contained in Section 1128B(b) of the
Social Security Act (the "Act") essentially prohibit the payment or receipt of
remuneration for the referral of patients whose care will be paid for by
Medicare. As written, the statute technically prohibits many common
arrangements between health care providers and their physicians. As guidance,
however, the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and
Human Services has issued regulations which detail certain conduct and business
arrangements permissible under Section 1128B(b) of the Act (the "Safe
Harbors"). The fact that a given business arrangement does not fall within a
Safe Harbor does not render the arrangement per se illegal, but the Company
believes that the government intends to increase its scrutiny of arrangements
that do not fall within the safe harbor. In addition, many states have adopted
statutes similar to the federal antifraud statute. The state statutes, however,
are broader because they prohibit the payment or receipt of remuneration for
the referral of patients regardless of the source of the payment for the care.
The Company systematically reviews all of its operations to ensure that it
complies with the Act and similar state statutes.
 
  The Company's health care operations generate medical waste that must be
disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental laws,
rules and regulations. The Company's operations also are subject to compliance
with various other environmental laws, rules and regulations. Such compliance
does not, and the Company anticipates that such compliance will not, materially
affect the Company's capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position.
 
  See Note 7A of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the
Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1994, for a
description of NME's professional and general liability insurance.
 
NME'S HEALTH CARE FACILITIES
 
  NME's Health Care Facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and
local legislation and regulation. In order to maintain their operating
licenses, Health Care Facilities must comply with strict standards concerning
medical care, equipment and hygiene. Various licenses and permits also are
required in order to dispense narcotics, operate pharmacies, handle radioactive
materials and operate certain equipment. NME's Health Care Facilities hold all
required governmental approvals, licenses and permits. Each operated Health
Care Facility eligible for accreditation is fully accredited by the Joint
Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations ("JCAHO"), the
Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (in the case of the
Campus Rehabilitation Hospitals) or another appropriate accreditation agency,
which accreditation generally is required for participation in government-
sponsored provider programs.
 
  NME's Health Care Facilities are subject to and comply with various forms of
utilization review. In addition, under the Medicare PPS, each state must have a
PRO to carry out a federally mandated system of review of Medicare patient
admissions, treatments and discharges in general hospitals. Medical and
surgical services and practices are extensively supervised by committees of
staff doctors at each Health Care Facility, are reviewed by each Health Care
Facility's local governing board, comprised of health care professionals,
community members and hospital representatives, and are reviewed by NME's
quality assurance personnel. The local governing boards also help maintain
standards for quality care, develop long range plans, establish, review and
enforce practices and procedures and approve the credentials of medical staff.
 
COMPLIANCE PROGRAM
 
  One component of the Company's settlement with federal agencies executed in
June 1994 is the adoption of a corporate compliance program under which the
Company has agreed, among other things, to: complete the disposition of its
Psychiatric Division Facilities (with the exception of the Campus Psychiatric
Facilities)
 
                                       12
<PAGE>
 
no later than November 30, 1995; not own or operate other psychiatric
facilities (defined for the purposes of the agreement to include residential
treatment centers and substance abuse facilities) for five years from the date
of completion of the disposition of its Psychiatric Division Facilities; and
divest any psychiatric facilities acquired incidental to a corporate
transaction within 180 days of such acquisition. In addition, the Company has
agreed to implement certain oversight procedures pertaining to the matters that
were the subject of the government investigations and to continue its ethics
training program and ethics telephone hotline. Should the oversight procedures
or hotline reveal, after investigation by the Company, violations of criminal,
or potential material violations of civil laws, rules or regulations governing
federally-funded programs, the Company will report any such violation to the
Departments of Justice and Health and Human Services.
 
HEALTH CARE REFORM
 
  In the past several years, there have been proposals at both the federal and
state levels calling for significant reforms in the United States health care
system. President Clinton has introduced to Congress a comprehensive reform
plan, the primary goals of which are universal access to medical care and
containment of escalating health care costs. President Clinton has proposed
achieving these goals by requiring businesses to provide health insurance to
all full-time and part-time employees and imposing government cost controls
designed to reduce insurance premiums and the fees charged by health care
providers. In addition, President Clinton has proposed significant reductions
in the Medicare/Medicaid payments made by the government. At this time the
focus on health care reform has shifted from the President's proposals to
various bills being proposed in the United States House of Representatives and
Senate. Prominent features of the leading health care reform proposals at this
time would require employers to pay either 50% or 80% of their employees'
health insurance premiums, subsidize the purchase of health care coverage for
low income people and create a new category of Medicare to cover certain
uninsured people. The Company anticipates that essential portions of these
proposals will be revised before any final bill is voted on. Other bills
include limits on malpractice liability, further restrictions on self-referrals
by physicians, the establishment of price controls in conjunction with a global
budget for United States health care in order to cap health care costs and a
single-payor government health plan. The Company cannot predict whether any
such proposals will be adopted or, if adopted, what effect, if any, such
proposals would have on the Company's business.
 
  In addition to federal health reform efforts, several states have adopted or
are considering health care reform legislation. Tennessee has enacted a
revision to their Medicaid program intended to cover their Medicaid and
uninsured population through a managed care program. California has created a
voluntary health insurance purchasing cooperative that seeks to make health
care coverage more affordable for businesses with five to 50 employees. In
November, 1994, California voters will vote on a ballot initiative intended to
create a single-payor government health plan. Florida has enacted a program
creating a system of local purchasing cooperatives and has proposed other
changes that have not yet been enacted. Louisiana and Texas are planning to
consider wider use of managed care for their Medicaid populations. These
proposals also may attempt to include coverage for some people who presently
are uninsured. A number of other states are considering the enactment of
managed care initiatives designed to provide universal low-cost coverage.
 
                                       13
<PAGE>
 
                      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
  The executive officers of the Company as of August 22, 1994, who also are not
Directors are:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             NAME                                POSITION                       AGE
             ----                                --------                       ---
     <S>                   <C>                                                  <C>
     Barry P. Schochet     Executive Vice President of NME
                            and President--Hospital Division                     43
     Maris Andersons       Executive Vice President and Treasurer                57
     William S. Banowsky   Executive Vice President                              58
     Vincent J. Lico       Executive Vice President                              60
     Raymond L. Mathiasen  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     51
     Scott M. Brown        Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  49
</TABLE>
 
  Mr. Schochet has been the President and Chief Operating Officer of NME's
Hospital Division since March 1992. Prior to that he served as Assistant Vice
President of hospital operations, Senior Vice President and then Executive Vice
President of NME's Eastern region and most recently as Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer of the Hospital Division. Mr. Schochet began his
service to NME as an Assistant Vice President of NME's Eastern region in 1979,
prior to which he served as the Executive Director of a hospital in Florida.
 
  Mr. Andersons joined NME in 1976, as Senior Vice President, from Bank of
America, where he was a Vice President. Mr. Andersons was elected Treasurer in
1981 and Executive Vice President in 1992.
 
  Mr. Banowsky has been an Executive Vice President of NME since October, 1988.
Mr. Banowsky, also served as a director from 1977 to 1993. Mr. Banowsky's
duties will be consolidated into the duties of other positions and Mr. Banowsky
will no longer be an employee of NME after August 31, 1994.
 
  Mr. Lico, who is a certified public accountant, joined NME in 1979 with NME's
acquisition of Medfield Corporation. Prior to becoming Executive Vice President
in September, 1993, Mr. Lico served as Senior Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of the Hospital Division from June, 1990 through
August, 1993, and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of NME's
Hospital Division from June, 1986 through May, 1990. Mr. Lico's duties will be
consolidated into the duties of other positions and Mr. Lico will no longer be
an employee of NME after October 31, 1994.
 
  Mr. Mathiasen is Senior Vice President and, since February 1994, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company. From September 1993 to February 1994, Mr.
Mathiasen was Senior Vice President and acting Chief Financial Officer. Prior
to joining NME as a Vice President in 1985, he was a partner with Arthur Young
& Company (now known as Ernst & Young). Mr. Mathiasen was elected to the
position of Senior Vice President in 1990 and Chief Operating Financial Officer
in 1991.
 
  Mr. Brown is Senior Vice President, Secretary and, since February, 1994,
General Counsel of the Company. He joined NME in 1981. Mr. Brown was elected
Secretary in 1984 and Senior Vice President in 1990. Mr. Brown was appointed
acting General Counsel in July 1993 and General Counsel in February 1994.
 
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
 
  The response to this item is included in Item 1.
 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
 
  As previously reported in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended May 31, 1993, various government agencies have conducted
investigations concerning whether NME and certain of its subsidiaries engaged
in improper practices. As a result of negotiations between the Company and the
Civil and Criminal Divisions of the Department of Justice, and the Department
of Health and Human
 
                                       14
<PAGE>
 
Services, the Company entered into various agreements on June 29, 1994, which
brought to a close all open investigations of the Company, its subsidiaries and
its facilities by the federal government and its agencies. As a result of those
agreements, on July 12, 1994, the United States District Court for the District
of Columbia accepted a plea by a subsidiary operating the Company's psychiatric
hospitals, to an information charging a six-count violation of 42 U.S.C.
(S)1320-7(b)(2)(A) (paying remuneration to induce referrals) and a one-count
violation of 18 U.S.C. (S)371 (conspiracy to make such payments). In addition,
the Company agreed to pay $362,700,000 to the federal government. The court
also accepted a plea agreement pursuant to which another subsidiary pled guilty
to an information charging a one-count violation of 18 U.S.C. (S)666 (making
illegal payments concerning programs receiving federal funds), which related to
a single general hospital. The count relates to activities that occurred while
an individual convicted of defrauding the hospital was its chief executive. On
July 12, 1994, the Company, without admitting or denying liability, consented
to the entry, by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia,
of a civil injunctive order in response to a complaint by the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The complaint alleged that the Company failed to comply
with anti-fraud and recordkeeping requirements of the federal securities laws
concerning the manner in which the Company recorded the revenues from the
activities that were the subject of the federal government settlement referred
to above. In the order, the Company is directed to comply with such
requirements of the federal securities laws. In May, 1994, the Company also
reached agreements in principle with 27 states and the District of Columbia to
pay an additional $16.3 million to settle potential claims arising from matters
involved in the federal investigations. The Company has signed agreements with
26 of those states and the District of Columbia, five of which contain errors
or changes that the Company is attempting to resolve. The 27 states and the
District of Columbia are all of the areas in which the Company's subsidiaries
operated psychiatric facilities.
 
  The shareholder derivative actions filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court in
October and November of 1991 were consolidated into one shareholder derivative
action entitled Harry Polikoff, Harry Ackerman, and Bette Rita Grayson,
Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
v. Richard K. Eamer, Leonard Cohen, John C. Bedrosian, William S. Banowsky,
Ph.D., Jeffrey C. Barbakow, Bernice B. Bratter, Maurice J. DeWald, Peter de
Wetter, Edward Egbert, M.D., Michael H. Focht, Sr., Raymond A. Hay, Nita P.
Heckendorn, Taylor R. Jenson, Lloyd R. Johnson, James P. Livingston, A.J.
Martinson, M.D., Howard F. Nachtman, M.D., Richard S. Schweiker, Richard L.
Stever, Norman A. Zober, Maris Andersons, Scott M. Brown, Raymond L. Mathiasen
and Marcus E. Powers, Defendants. Plaintiffs' suit was based primarily on
alleged breaches of fiduciary duties and constructive fraud on the part of the
individual defendants. The plaintiffs alleged that, among other things, the
individual defendants knew or should have known of allegedly improper
marketing, billing and other practices within what formerly was known as the
Company's Specialty Hospital Group and failed to take appropriate action as
required by their fiduciary responsibilities. Based on these claims, plaintiffs
sought compensatory damages on behalf of the Company, punitive damages,
injunctive relief, attorneys' fees, interest and costs. Defendants filed three
separate demurrers that were sustained and resulted in dismissal of the action
with prejudice on May 21, 1993. The derivative action was dismissed by the
Court in May, 1993, but the dismissal is being appealed by the plaintiffs. The
parties have been participating in a voluntary mediation process, which
commenced in February 1994 and has included directors and officers liability
insurance carriers. As a result of the voluntary mediation process, the
Company, the other parties to this action and the Company's directors' and
officers' liability insurance carriers have reached an agreement in principle
to settle this matter, subject to agreement to contractual terms and court
approval.
 
  The federal class action lawsuits filed in October and November of 1991 were
consolidated into one action now pending in the U.S. District Court in the
Central District of California entitled In Re National Medical Enterprises,
Inc. Securities Litigation I. The defendants in this action are National
Medical Enterprises, Inc., Richard K. Eamer, Leonard Cohen, John C. Bedrosian,
William S. Banowsky, Michael H. Focht, Norman A. Zober, Marcus E. Powers and
Maris Andersons. The action is a consolidated class action against each of the
named defendants for alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, plaintiffs allege that each defendant knew
or recklessly disregarded that the public statements made by the Company and
several of its officers and directors in reports to the Securities and
 
                                       15
<PAGE>
 
Exchange Commission, in press releases, communications with shareholders, and
communications with the financial community were false and misleading because
the financial data and projections were based upon a number of alleged illegal
practices at many of NME's psychiatric facilities. Plaintiffs claim that each
of the defendants was a direct participant in this wrongdoing and conspired
with and aided and abetted each of the other defendants in perpetrating the
alleged fraudulent scheme. Plaintiffs also challenge various transactions in
which each of the defendants sold shares of NME stock. Based on these claims,
plaintiffs seek compensatory damages, injunctive relief, attorneys' fees,
interest and costs. Currently, this action is in the discovery stage and no
trial date has been set. As a result of a voluntary mediation process commenced
in February 1994, the Company, the other parties to this action and the
Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance carriers have reached an
agreement in principle to settle this matter, subject to agreement to
contractual terms and court approval.
 
  On August 27, 1993, a federal lawsuit entitled Jerrold Schaffer and Jayne M.
Furman v. National Medical Enterprises, Inc., Richard K. Eamer, Leonard Cohen,
Jeffrey Barbakow and Michael H. Focht, Sr. was filed in the U.S District Court
in the Central District of California. On August 31, 1993, a federal lawsuit
entitled Bernard Weisfeld v. National Medical Enterprises, Inc., Richard K.
Eamer, Leonard Cohen, Jeffrey Barbakow and Michael H. Focht, Sr. was filed in
the U.S District Court in the Central District of California. On December 20,
1993, the United States District Court for the Central District of California
ordered that these cases be consolidated into one action, captioned In re:
National Medical Enterprises Securities Litigation II. These consolidated
actions are on behalf of a purported class of shareholders who purchased or
sold stock of the Company between January 14, 1993 and August 26, 1993, and
allege that each of the defendants violated Section 10(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, plaintiffs allege that each defendant knew
or recklessly disregarded that the public statements made by the Company and
several of its officers and directors in reports to the Securities and Exchange
Commission, in press releases, communications with shareholders, and
communications with the financial community were false and misleading because
the financial data and projections were based upon a number of alleged illegal
practices at many of NME's psychiatric facilities. Plaintiffs claim that each
of the defendants was a direct participant in this wrongdoing and conspired
with and aided and abetted each of the other defendants in perpetrating the
alleged fraudulent scheme. Based on these claims, plaintiffs seek compensatory
damages, injunctive relief, attorneys' fees, interest and costs. The parties
commenced a voluntary mediation in July, 1994. If the mediation is not
successful, plaintiffs will be required to file an amended and consolidated
complaint in the action. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to
this action and, if the mediation is not successful, will defend this
litigation vigorously.
 
  During the last fiscal year, the Company settled three lawsuits brought
against it by the following insurance carriers: (1) The Travelers Insurance
Company, Prudential Insurance Company, United of Omaha Life Insurance Company,
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Northwestern National Life
Insurance Company, Mutual of Omaha Insurance Companies, Time Insurance Company,
Phoenix Home Life Mutual Insurance Company, Benefit Trust Life Insurance
Company, Golden Rule Insurance Company, Hartford Life and Accident Insurance
Company, Great Western Life and Annuity Insurance Company, and The New England
Mutual Life Insurance Company filed in the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia (referred herein as "Travelers lawsuits"); (2) Aetna Life
Insurance Company and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (referred herein as
"Aetna lawsuit") filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Texas, Dallas Division; and (3) Connecticut General Life Insurance Company,
Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States, First Equicor Life
Insurance Company and Equicor Inc. (referred herein collectively as "CIGNA
lawsuit"), filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Texas, Dallas Division. Each of these cases alleged that psychiatric
hospitals owned by NME subsidiaries engaged in fraudulent practices. On
November 4, 1993 the Company signed a definitive settlement agreement with the
insurers that are parties to the Aetna and CIGNA lawsuits. Under the terms of
the settlement the Company paid $125,000,000. In return, the insurers agreed on
an individual basis to resume standard business relations with the Company,
including the opportunity to participate in managed care contracts and to
 
                                       16
<PAGE>
 
participate in other provider networks. The parties also have dismissed their
respective lawsuits against each other. On February 18, 1994, the Company
signed a definitive settlement agreement to settle the Travelers lawsuits.
Under the settlement the Company paid $89,900,000. All claims between the
parties, including the Company's claims in NME Psychiatric Properties, Inc. vs.
Travelers Insurance Co., et al., have been dismissed with prejudice. In
addition, under the terms of the settlement agreements, the insurers agreed to
expeditiously process all outstanding claims for payment and agreed to meet
with the Company, on an individual basis, with the express goal of
strengthening the respective business relations with the Company, including,
for example, allowing the Company to compete for managed care contracts and
participate in provider networks. The Company has received inquiries from
various other insurance companies and health benefit providers regarding the
possible filing of claims with similar allegations. To date, the amounts
involved are not significant.
 
  The Company and certain of its officers and directors also are subject to
various lawsuits related to alleged malpractice occurring at individual
psychiatric hospitals. Included are numerous cases that allege the existence of
a corporate-wide conspiracy to commit wrongful acts. The underlying allegations
in those cases are substantially similar to the allegations in the insurance
litigation discussed above. NME has settled 90 of these lawsuits (more than
two-thirds of the lawsuits of this type that have been filed to date). The
Company expects that additional similar lawsuits will be filed from time to
time.
 
  On August 16, 1993, the Company was served with a lawsuit in the matter of
Nita P. Heckendorn vs. National Medical Enterprises, Inc., Jeffrey C. Barbakow,
Raymond A. Hay, Maurice J. DeWald and Peter de Wetter. Ms. Heckendorn is a
director and former officer of the Company. Ms. Heckendorn, who joined the
Company in 1982, alleges sex discrimination in employment and retaliation;
sexual harassment; breach of implied employment contract; constructive
discharge in violation of public policy and the California Fair Employment and
Housing Act; tortious interference with prospective economic advantage;
defamation; and intentional infliction of emotional distress. The suit seeks
damages in excess of $15,000,000 for wages, earnings and other benefits,
punitive damages, attorneys fees and costs of suit and other equitable relief.
The plaintiff filed an amended complaint on November 4, 1993. Defendants filed
a demurrer to plaintiff's amended complaint. On January 6, 1994, the Court
sustained defendants' demurrer in part, dismissing certain claims, and denied
defendants' demurrer in part. The remaining claims are pending and the parties
have engaged in discovery. In March, 1994, plaintiff filed a motion for summary
judgment seeking judgment on her claim for retaliatory discharge. After taking
plaintiff's deposition in the Spring of 1994, Defendants filed a cross-motion
for Summary Judgment seeking dismissal of several of plaintiff's claims. In
August, 1994, defendants filed an additional motion for summary judgment on
plaintiff's remaining claims. All three of those motions are set for hearing on
September 19, 1994, and the case is set for trial in mid-December, 1994. The
Company believes that Ms. Heckendorn's claims are without merit.
 
  On October 5, 1993, John Bedrosian filed the lawsuit John C. Bedrosian vs.
National Medical Enterprises, Inc., Jeffrey C. Barbakow, Michael H. Focht, Sr.,
Bernice B. Bratter, Maurice J. DeWald, Peter de Wetter and Lester B. Korn in
the Los Angeles Superior Court. Mr. Bedrosian, who is a director of the Company
and served as its Senior Executive Vice President until September 24, 1993,
when his employment with the Company was terminated without cause pursuant to
the terms of his employment agreement, alleged: breach of oral agreement;
breach of implied in fact contract; breach of the covenant of good faith and
fair dealing; negligent misrepresentation of material fact; bad faith denial of
existence of a contract; breach of written agreement; age discrimination in
employment; libel; tortious interference with contractual relations; conspiracy
to interfere with contractual relations; and intentional infliction of
emotional distress. The suit seeks damages in excess of $20,000,000, exemplary
and punitive damages, declaratory relief, including relief from six loans he
obtained from the Company totaling $3,730,251.27, attorneys fees and costs of
suit and other equitable relief. The Company has filed a cross-complaint
against him for his refusal to make repayment on his six loans. The Company
also filed a motion to have the portion of Mr. Bedrosian's lawsuit that
pertains to his employment agreement with the Company referred to a Superior
Court Referee as provided in the employment agreement. The Company's motion was
granted and Mr. Bedrosian's employment claims against the Company were referred
to a Superior Court Referee for trial. Before that trial began, the Company
filed
 
                                       17
<PAGE>
 
motions for summary judgment on several of Mr. Bedrosian's claims and on its
cross-complaint against Mr. Bedrosian for his failure to repay his loans. The
Company's motions for summary judgment were granted as to several of Mr.
Bedrosian's claims against the Company, and also as to its claims against Mr.
Bedrosian on three of his six loans totalling approximately $1,997,500. The
Court declined to grant the Company's motion regarding Mr. Bedrosian's three
remaining loans but allowed the Company to supplement its cross-complaint to
reflect that those loans had since become due and payable. The Company has
supplemented its cross-complaint and intends to renew its motion for summary
judgment on Mr. Bedrosian's three remaining loans. The trial of Mr. Bedrosian's
employment-related claims took place in June and July, 1994 before a retired
California Superior Court Judge. During that trial, the Court granted
defendants' motion to have certain other of Mr. Bedrosian's employment claims
dismissed. The trial on Mr. Bedrosian's two remaining claims was concluded on
July 29, 1994. A decision on those claims is expected in August 1994.
 
  In its normal course of business the Company also is subject to claims and
lawsuits relating to injuries arising from patient treatment. The Company
believes that its liability for damages resulting from such claims and lawsuits
is adequately covered by insurance or is adequately provided for in its
financial statements.
 
ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.
 
  None.
 
                                       18
<PAGE>
 
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
 
  The response to this item is included on page 33 of the Registrant's Annual
Report to Shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1994. The required
information hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
 
  The response to this item is included on page 8 of the Registrant's Annual
Report to Shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1994. The required
information hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS.
 
  The response to this item is included on pages 9 through 13 of the
Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1994. The
required information hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
 
  The response to this item is included on pages 14 through 30 of the
Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended May 31, 1994. The
required information hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
 
  None.
 
                                    PART III
 
ITEMS 10 AND 11. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT; EXECUTIVE
                 COMPENSATION.
 
  Information concerning the Directors of the Registrant, including executive
officers of the Registrant who also are Directors, and other information
required by Items 10 and 11, is included on pages 2 through 5 of the definitive
Proxy Statement for Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and hereby
is incorporated by reference. Similar information regarding executive officers
of the Registrant who, except as noted therein, are not Directors is set forth
on page 14 above. Information regarding compensation of executive officers and
Directors of the Registrant is included on pages 9 through 18 and pages 26
through 29 of the definitive Proxy Statement for the Registrant's 1994 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders and hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.
 
  The response to this item is included on pages 6, 7 and 33 of the definitive
Proxy Statement for the Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The
required information hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
 
  The response to this item is included on pages 29 through 31 of the
definitive Proxy Statement for the Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. The required information hereby is incorporated by reference.
 
                                       19
<PAGE>
 
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.
 
  (a) 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
 
           The consolidated financial statements to be included in Part II, Item
         8, are incorporated by reference to the Registrant's 1994 Annual Report
         to Shareholders. (See exhibit (13)).
 
      2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
 
<TABLE>
        <S>               <C>
        Schedule I        Marketable Securities-Other Investments (included on page F-
                           1).
        Schedule II       Amounts Receivable From Directors, Officers and Employees
                          (included on pages F-2 and F-3)
        Schedule V        Property, Plant and Equipment (included on page F-4)
        Schedule VI       Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Plant
                          and Equipment (included on page F-5)
        Schedule VIII     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves (included on
                          page F-6)
        Schedule IX       Short-Term Borrowings (included on page F-7)
        Schedule X        Supplementary Income Statement Information (included on page
                          F-8)
</TABLE>
 
      All other schedules and Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant
    are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because
    the required information is included in the financial statements or
    notes thereto.
 
      3. EXHIBITS.
 
         (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
 
           (a)    Restated Articles of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended
                  October 13, 1987 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a)
                  to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
           (b)    Restated Bylaws of Registrant, as amended July 27, 1994
 
         (4) Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including
             Indentures
 
           (a)    Form of Indenture for the Registrant's Convertible Floating
                  Rate Debentures, dated as of February 1, 1992, among NME PIP
                  Funding I, Inc., the Registrant and Bankers Trust Company,
                  as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to
                  Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration No. 33-
                  45689, dated February 14, 1992)
 
           (b)    Form of Convertible Floating Rate Debenture due April 3,
                  1996 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (e) to
                  Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3,
                  Registration No. 33-45689, dated February 14, 1992)
 
           (c)    Agreement Providing for First Amendment to Convertible
                  Floating Rate Debentures due April 3, 1996, dated as of
                  December 11, 1991, between the Registrant and NME PIP
                  Funding I, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (f) to
                  Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3,
                  Registration No. 33-45689, dated February 14, 1992)
 
                                       20
<PAGE>
 
              (d) Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series
                  B Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 4(d) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  dated August 23, 1991)
 
              (e) Form of Investment Option Agreement (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10(e) to Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K dated August 28, 1989)
 
              (f) Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1991, between the Registrant
                  and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4(a) to Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K dated August 23, 1991)
 
              (g) Indenture, dated as of April 1, 1985, between the Registrant
                  and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the
                  Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3, File No. 2-
                  96780, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
                  April 3, 1985)
 
              (h) Certificate of Designation, Preference and Rights of Series
                  A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 4(h) to Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
     (10) Material Contracts
 
              (a) Guaranty Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of January 31,
                  1990, by and between the Registrant and The Hillhaven
                  Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 21,
                  1992)
 
              (b) First Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated
                  as of May 30, 1991, by and between the Registrant and The
                  Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(g) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
                  August 23, 1991)
 
              (c) Second Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated
                  as of October 2, 1991, between the Registrant and The
                  Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(w) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
                  August 21, 1992)
 
              (d) Third Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated
                  as of April 1, 1992, between the Registrant and The
                  Hillhaven Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(dd) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
                  August 21, 1992)
 
              (e) Fourth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated
                  as of November 12, 1992, between the Registrant and
                  Hillhaven (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(pp) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
              (f) Fifth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated
                  as ofFebruary 19, 1993, between the Registrant and Hillhaven
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(qq) to Registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
              (g) Sixth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, dated
                  as of May 28, 1993, between the Registrant and Hillhaven
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(rr) to Registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
              (h) Seventh Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement,
                  dated as ofMay 28, 1993, between the Registrant and The
                  Hillhaven Corporation
 
                                       21
<PAGE>
 
              (i) Eighth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement,
                  dated September 2, 1993, between the Registrant and The
                  Hillhaven Corporation
 
              (j) Letter dated October 14, 1992 addressed to Robert F. Pacquer
                  of Hillhaven from the Registrant and certain of its
                  subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ll) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
              (k) Second Omnibus Amendment to Leases dated as of November 12,
                  1992 among NME Properties Corp., and certain subsidiaries of
                  NME Properties Corp. and First Healthcare Corporation
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(mm) to Registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
              (l) Letter dated June 22, 1993 between the Registrant and
                  Hillhaven (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ss) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
              (m) Agreement Concerning Purchase by NME Properties Corp. and
                  Certain Sub-sidiaries of Series D Preferred Stock of The
                  Hillhaven Corporation, dated September 1, 1993, among the
                  Registrant, NME Properties Corp., NME Properties, Inc., NME
                  Properties West, Inc., The Hillhaven Corporation and First
                  Healthcare Corporation
 
              (n) Agreement and Waiver, dated September 2, 1993, among the
                  Registrant, the subsidiaries of NME signatories thereto,
                  The Hillhaven Corporation and First Healthcare Corporation
 
              (o) Shareholding Agreement, dated 30 March 1993, among the
                  Registrant, Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC and P.R.
                  Carter and Others (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(tt) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
                  August 30, 1993)
 
              (p) Agreement for Warranties and Indemnities, dated 31 March
                  1993, among the Registrant, the Executive Directors of
                  Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC, the Non-Executive
                  Directors of Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC, Ernst &
                  Young Trustees Limited and Others and Westminster Health
                  Care Holdings PLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(uu) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
                  August 30, 1993)
 
              (q) Agreement relating to the Placing and Offer of Ordinary
                  Shares in Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC, dated 31
                  March 1993, among Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC, the
                  Executive Directors, the Non-Executive Directors, the
                  Registrant, Ernst & Young Trustees Limited and Others and
                  Barclays de Zoete Wedd Limited (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 10(vv) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  dated August 30, 1993)
 
              (r) Subordinated Loan Note, dated 30 March 1993, in the amount
                  of 10,000,000 Pounds Sterling payable by Westminster Health
                  Care Limited, Westminster Health Care (Properties) Limited
                  and Westminster Health Care Holdings to the Registrant
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ww) to Registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
              (s) First Amended and Restated Letter of Credit and
                  Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of October 1, 1993,
                  between the Registrant and The Sanwa Bank Limited, Dallas
                  Agency (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(5) to
                  Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated October 15,
                  1993)
 
                                       22
<PAGE>
 
 
              (t) Limited Waiver and Consent to First Amended and Restated
                  Letter of Credit and Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of
                  April 13, 1994, between the Registrant and The Sanwa Bank
                  Limited, Dallas Agency (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(f) to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
                  April 14, 1994)
 
              (u) First Amended and Restated Master Loan Agreement, dated as
                  of November 30, 1988, as further Amended and Restated as of
                  January 25, 1990 among MP Funding Corporation, the
                  Registrant, various NME subsidiaries and various Hillhaven
                  subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 23,
                  1990)
 
              (v) Consent and Waiver Agreement, dated October 13, 1993, with
                  respect to that certain First Amended and Restated Credit
                  Agreement, dated as of January 25, 1990, among Credit
                  Suisse, as letter of credit bank, the banks parties thereto,
                  Credit Suisse as agent for the banks and MP Funding
                  Corporation, and that certain First Amended and Restated
                  Master Loan Agreement, dated as of January 25, 1990, among
                  the Registrant, certain subsidiaries and affiliates of the
                  Registrant and MP Funding Corporation (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10(3) to Registrant's Quarterly Report
                  on Form 10-Q dated October 15, 1993)
 
              (w) Amendment No. 1 to Master Loan Agreement, dated as of
                  November 2, 1993, between MP Funding Corporation and the
                  Borrowers thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(c) to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
                  January 13, 1994)
 
              (x) Waiver and Amendment No. 2, dated as of April 13, 1994,
                  between MP Funding Corporation and the Borrowers parties
                  thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to
                  Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 14,
                  1994)
 
              (y) Waiver Letter, dated October 14, 1993, from Bank of America
                  to the Registrant, concerning Overdraft Financing Facility
                  Agreement, dated December 16, 1992, between the Registrant
                  and Bank of America, and Advance Account Agreement, dated
                  December 17, 1992, between the Registrant and Bank of
                  America (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(4) to
                  Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated October 15,
                  1993)
 
              (z) Second Amendment to Overdraft Financing Facility Agreement,
                  dated as ofApril 13, 1994, by and among Bank of America
                  National Trust and Savings Association, the Registrant, and
                  the corporations listed on Exhibit A to the Agreement
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to Registrant's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 14, 1994)
 
             (aa) First Amendment to Advance Account Agreement, dated as of
                  April 13, 1994, by and between the Registrant and Bank of
                  America National Trust and Savings Association
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to Registrant's
                  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 14, 1994)
 
             (bb) Credit Agreement, dated as of April 13, 1994, among the
                  Registrant, the Banks parties thereto, the Issuing Bank and
                  Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Administrative
                  Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to
                  Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated April 14,
                  1994)
  
             (cc) Asset Sale Agreement, dated December 3, 1993, by and between
                  the Registrant, as Seller, and HEALTHSOUTH Rehabilitation
                  Corporation, as Buyer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(a) to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated
                  January 13, 1994)
 
                                       23
<PAGE>
 
             (dd) Amendment No. 1 to Asset Sale Agreement, dated as of January
                  3, 1994, by and between the Registrant, as Seller, and
                  HEALTHSOUTH Rehabilitation Corporation (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Registrant's Quarterly Report
                  on Form 10-Q dated January 13, 1994)
 
             (ee) Asset Sale Agreement (First Facilities), dated March 29,
                  1994, by and between the Registrant, as Seller, and Charter
                  Medical Corporation, as Buyer
 
             (ff) Asset Sale Agreement (Subsequent Facilities), dated March
                  29, 1994, by and between the Registrant, as Seller, and
                  Charter Medical Corporation, as Buyer
 
             (gg) Employment Agreement, dated as of December 5, 1990, between
                  the Registrant and John C. Bedrosian (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10(m) to Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K dated August 23, 1991)
 
             (hh) Consulting, Severance, Noncompetition and Confidentiality
                  Agreement made by and between Richard K. Eamer and the
                  Registrant, effective July 20, 1993 (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10(h) to Registrant's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
             (ii) Consulting, Severance, Noncompetition and Confidentiality
                  Agreement made by and between Leonard Cohen and the
                  Registrant, effective July 20, 1993 (Incorporated by
                  reference to Exhibit 10(j) to Registrant's Annual Report
                  on Form 10-K dated August 30, 1993)
 
             (jj) Letter from the Registrant to Jeffrey C. Barbakow, dated
                  May 26, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(l) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report onForm 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
             (kk) Letter from the Registrant to Jeffrey C. Barbakow, dated
                  June 1, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
             (ll) Memorandum from the Registrant to Jeffrey C. Barbakow, dated
                  June 14, 1993 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(n) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 30,
                  1993)
 
             (mm) Board of Directors Retirement Plan, effective January 1,
                  1985 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(n) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 23,
                  1991)
 
             (nn) First Amendment to Board of Directors Retirement Plan,
                  effective as of August 18, 1993 (Incorporated by reference
                  to Exhibit 10(xx) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  dated August 30, 1993)
 
             (oo) Amendment to Directors Retirement Plan, dated as of April
                  25, 1994
 
             (pp) Supplemental SHERT Plan and Trust, dated June 30, 1991
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(q) to Registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 23, 1991)
 
             (qq) First Amendment to Supplemental SHERT, dated as of August
                  15, 1994
 
             (rr) Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended May 31,
                  1986 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(o) to
                  Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K datedAugust 21,
                  1992)
 
             (ss) Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated
                  as of April 25, 1994
 
                                       24
<PAGE>
 
 
             (tt) Amendment to Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, dated
                  as of July 25, 1994
 
             (uu) 1994 NME Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Trust
                  Agreement, dated as of May 25, 1994, as amended July 25,
                  1994, between the Registrant, and United States Trust
                  Company of New York
 
             (vv) Long Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 10(p) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  dated August 21, 1992)
 
             (ww) Annual Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10(q) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K dated
                  August 21, 1992)
 
             (xx) 1994 Annual Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit B to the Definitive Proxy Statement for the
                  Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders)
 
             (yy) Deferred Compensation Plan, effective March 23, 1983
                  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to Registrant's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K dated August 23, 1991)
 
             (zz) First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of
                  August 15, 1994
 
            (aaa) 1994 NME Deferred Compensation Plan Trust Agreement, dated
                  as of May 25, 1994, as amended July 25, 1994, between the
                  Registrant and United States Trust Company of New York
 
            (bbb) Performance Investment Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit 10(d) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                  dated August 23, 1991)
 
            (ccc) Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of
                  December 11, 1991, between the Registrant and NME PIP
                  Funding I, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g)
                  to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3,
                  Registration No. 33-45689, dated February 14, 1992)
 
            (ddd) Director Restricted Share Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit A to the definitive Proxy Statement for the
                  Registrant's 1991 Annual Meeting of Shareholders)
 
            (eee) 1994 Directors Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference
                  to Exhibit A to the Definitive Proxy Statement for the
                  Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders)
 
            (fff) 1991 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to
                  Exhibit B to the definitive Proxy Statement for the
                  Registrant's 1991 Annual Meeting of Shareholders)
 
            (ggg) Severance Protection Agreement, dated June 28, 1994,
                  between the Registrant and Barry P. Schochet
 
   (11) Statement Re: Computation of Per Share Earnings, page 26
 
   (13) 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders of Registrant
 
   (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant
 
   (23) Consent of Experts
 
        (a) Accountants' Consent and Report on Consolidated Schedules (KPMG
            Peat Marwick LLP)
 
(b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
    NME filed no reports on Form 8-K during the last quarter of the 1994 fiscal
  year
 
                                       25
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
              (1) STATEMENT RE: COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
 
                                  (EXHIBIT 11)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1994      1993      1992      1991     1990
                                --------  --------  --------  -------- --------
                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>
FOR PRIMARY EARNINGS PER SHARE
Shares outstanding at
 beginning of period..........   165,898   166,963   174,765   157,782  148,736
Shares issued upon conversion
 of notes and debentures......       --        --        529       348    9,276
Shares issued upon exercise of
 stock options................        60        27       299       722      936
Dilutive effect of outstanding
 stock options................     1,114       172       495     1,156    1,462
Shares issued as grants of
 restricted stock, net of
 cancellations................       (48)      (52)       75         2      (92)
Shares repurchased as treasury
 stock........................       --       (999)   (4,295)      --    (1,502)
Dilutive effect of 9%
 Convertible Subordinated
 Debentures(2)................       --        --        --        --     1,402
Other.........................       --        --        (15)      --       --
                                --------  --------  --------  -------- --------
Weighted average number of
 shares and share equivalents
 outstanding..................   167,024   166,111   171,853   160,010  160,218
                                ========  ========  ========  ======== ========
Income from continuing
 operations...................  $215,901  $263,644  $218,199  $145,142 $123,486
Adjustments related to 9%
 Convertible Subordinated
 Debentures(2)................       --        --        --        --     1,151
                                --------  --------  --------  -------- --------
Adjusted income from
 continuing operations........  $215,901  $263,644  $218,199  $145,142 $124,637
Earnings per share from
 continuing operations........  $   1.29  $   1.59  $   1.27  $   0.91 $   0.78
                                ========  ========  ========  ======== ========
FOR FULLY DILUTED EARNINGS PER
 SHARE
Weighted average number of
 shares used in primary
 calculation..................   167,024   166,111   171,853   160,010  160,218
Additional dilutive effect of
 stock options................        97        23         1        64       76
Assumed conversion of dilutive
 convertible notes and
 debentures...................    13,966    14,356    20,990    37,118   44,154
                                --------  --------  --------  -------- --------
Fully diluted weighted average
 number of shares.............   181,087   180,490   192,844   197,192  204,448
                                ========  ========  ========  ======== ========
Adjusted income from
 continuing operations used in
 primary calculation..........  $215,901  $263,644  $218,199  $145,142 $124,637
Adjustments for interest
 expense, contractual
 allowances and income taxes..     5,981     4,628    12,207    25,991   30,070
                                --------  --------  --------  -------- --------
Adjusted income from
 continuing operations........  $221,882  $268,272  $230,406  $171,133 $154,707
Earnings per share from
 continuing operations........  $   1.23  $   1.49  $   1.19  $   0.87 $   0.76
                                ========  ========  ========  ======== ========
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) All numbers of shares in these tables are weighted on the basis of the
    number of days the shares were outstanding or assumed to be outstanding
    during each period.
(2) During the quarter ended August 31, 1989 the 9% debentures were reflected
    as a common stock equivalent until they were all redeemed or converted on
    or before August 31, 1989. The income adjustments are for calculation
    purposes only and do not affect income from continuing operations as
    reported.
 
                                       26
<PAGE>
 
                                   SIGNATURE
 
  PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED
ON ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED, ON AUGUST 25,
1994.
 
National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
 
    /s/ RAYMOND L. MATHIASEN                       /s/ SCOTT M. BROWN
By: _____________________________         By: _________________________________
      Raymond L. Mathiasen                             Scott M. Brown
      Senior Vice President                        Senior Vice President
   Chief Financial Officer and
    Chief Accounting Officer

  PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THIS
REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW ON AUGUST 25, 1994, BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON
BEHALF OF THE REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES INDICATED:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
 
                 SIGNATURE                                     TITLE
                 ---------                                     -----
<S>                                         <S>    
         /s/ JEFFREY C. BARBAKOW
- -------------------------------------------
            Jeffrey C. Barbakow             Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
                                             Director (Principal Executive Officer)
        /s/ MICHAEL H. FOCHT, SR.
- -------------------------------------------
           Michael H. Focht, Sr.            President, Chief Operating Officer and
                                             Director
- -------------------------------------------
             John C. Bedrosian              Director

           /s/ BERNICE BRATTER
- -------------------------------------------
              Bernice Bratter               Director

          /s/ MAURICE J. DEWALD
- -------------------------------------------
             Maurice J. DeWald              Director

           /s/ PETER DE WETTER
- -------------------------------------------
              Peter de Wetter               Director

         /s/ EDWARD EGBERT, M.D.
- -------------------------------------------
            Edward Egbert, M.D.             Director

           /s/ RAYMOND A. HAY
- -------------------------------------------
              Raymond A. Hay                Director
 
 
</TABLE> 
                                       27
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 SIGNATURE                                     TITLE
                 ---------                                     -----
<S>                                         <C>                <C> 
                                            Director
- -----------------------------------------
            Nita P. Heckendorn

           /s/ LESTER B. KORN              Director
- -----------------------------------------
              Lester B. Korn                

         /s/ JAMES P. LIVINGSTON           Director
- -----------------------------------------
            James P. Livingston             

        /s/ RICHARD S. SCHWEIKER           Director
- -----------------------------------------
           Richard S. Schweiker             
</TABLE>
 
                                       28
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
              SCHEDULE I--MARKETABLE SECURITIES--OTHER INVESTMENTS
                                AT MAY 31, 1994
 
                             (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  NUMBER OF                MARKET    AMOUNT
                                                  SHARES OR               VALUE AT  AT WHICH
                                                  PRINCIPAL               BALANCE  CARRIED IN
                                                  AMOUNT OF     COST OF    SHEET    BALANCE
NAME OF ISSUER AND TITLE OF EACH ISSUE         BONDS AND NOTES EACH ISSUE   DATE     SHEET
- --------------------------------------         --------------- ---------- -------- ----------
<S>                                            <C>             <C>        <C>      <C>
The United States Government and
 its agencies...................                         $8       $  8      $  8      $  8
Any state of the United States
 and its agencies...............                          3          3         3         3
Corporations:
 American Express Credit
  Corporation...................                          2          2         2         2
 General Electric Capital
  Corporation...................                          3          3         3         3
 Morgan Guaranty Trust Company
  New York......................                          2          2         2         2
 Various other issuers of short-
  term commercial paper (each
  less than $2 million).........                                    41        41        42
                                                                                      ----
BALANCE SHEET CAPTION: SHORT-
 TERM INVESTMENTS...............                                                      $ 60
                                                                                      ====
Westminster Health Care
 Holdings, PLC common stock.....                 21,500,000       $ 49      $105      $ 50
The Hillhaven Corporation common
 stock..........................                  8,878,147         89       170        69*
The Hillhaven Corporation Series
 C preferred stock..............                     35,000         35        35        35
The Hillhaven Corporation Series
 D preferred stock..............                     60,546        120      n.a.        28**
Health Care Property Partners...                       23.0%        18        31        17
Other investments in common
 stock or corporate joint
 ventures, substantially all of
 which are accounted for by the
 equity method..................                                    57      n.a.        77**
Land held for expansion.........                                    33      n.a.        33**
                                                                                      ----
BALANCE SHEET CAPTION:
 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER ASSETS...                                                      $309
                                                                                      ====
</TABLE>
- --------
 * Because of the Company's minority interest in Hillhaven, portions of the
   gains from sales of certain NME facilities to Hillhaven have been deferred
   and are offset against the cost of the Company's investment above.
** Market values are not available for the Company's Hillhaven Series D
   preferred stock, other investments and land held for expansion shown above.
 
                                      F-1
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
     SCHEDULE II--AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES
                      YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993, 1994
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      BALANCE AT                          BALANCE AT                                               BALANCE AT
                        MAY 31,                AMOUNTS     MAY 31,                       AMOUNTS      AMOUNTS        MAY 31,
   NAME OF DEBTOR        1991     ADDITIONS   COLLECTED      1992        ADDITIONS      COLLECTED   WRITTEN OFF       1993
   --------------     ----------- ---------- -----------  ----------    -----------    -----------  -----------    -----------
<S>                   <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>
Maris Andersons.....  $    96,479   $100,903 $       --   $  197,382    $  957,773     $  (111,467)  $     --      $ 1,043,688
William Banowsky....          --      80,205         --       80,205        53,641        (133,846)        --              --
John C. Bedrosian...    1,928,349    683,918    (115,085)  2,497,182     2,089,043        (747,334)        --        3,838,891
Leonard Cohen.......          --         --          --          --      1,063,140      (1,063,140)        --              --
Kenneth Courage.....      100,000        --      (39,196)     60,804           --          (60,804)        --              --
Steven Dominguez....          --      84,053         --       84,053       158,991             --          --          243,044
Richard K. Eamer....    3,919,092    285,658  (4,204,750)        --      3,473,375        (350,958)        --        3,122,417
Alan Ewalt..........      227,945    154,647    (114,480)    268,112       115,858         (42,854)        --          341,116
Michael H. Focht,
 Sr.................          --     346,850         --      346,850       381,045             --          --          727,895
Nita Heckendorn.....       21,048     93,246     (21,048)     93,246       133,817            (980)        --          226,083
Walter C. Kraujalis.      109,981     21,391         --      131,372        21,683             --      (30,334)(3)     122,721
Vincent J. Lico.....          --     136,440         --      136,440        95,641        (142,521)        --           89,560
Raymond L.
 Mathiason..........          --      84,053         --       84,053       104,875         (88,446)        --          100,482
Marcus E. Powers....          --     163,323         --      163,323       586,592          (1,873)        --          748,042
Joseph Roche........      152,000        --      (36,000)    116,000           --              --     (116,000)(5)         --
Michael Safran......      370,000     74,000    (444,000)        --        196,150             --          --          196,150
Sherwin Small.......       16,876     86,367     (16,234)     87,009       141,710        (228,719)        --              --
Neil Sorrentino.....          --      90,338         --       90,338        89,872        (180,210)        --              --
David Spahr.........          --         --          --          --        170,000        (170,000)        --              --
Richard L. Stever...      657,310     54,034     (53,976)    657,368        53,976         (53,976)        --          657,368
Barry G. Weinbaum...          --     125,000    (125,000)        --            --              --          --              --
                      ----------- ---------- -----------  ----------    ----------     -----------   ---------     -----------
                       $7,599,080 $2,664,426 $(5,169,769) $5,093,737    $9,887,182     $(3,377,128)  $(146,334)    $11,457,457
                      =========== ========== ===========  ==========    ==========     ===========   =========     ===========
<CAPTION>
                                                            BALANCE AT MAY 31,
                                                                   1994
                                                          -------------------------
                      BALANCE AT
                        MAY 31,                AMOUNTS     CURRENT      NOT CURRENT
   NAME OF DEBTOR        1993     ADDITIONS   COLLECTED      (1)            (1)
   --------------     ----------- ---------- -----------  ----------    -----------
<S>                   <C>         <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>            
Maris Andersons.....  $ 1,043,688 $  132,990 $  (101,889) $1,074,789(2) $      --
William Banowsky....          --      62,183     (62,183)      0.00            --
John C. Bedrosian...    3,838,891    262,793         --    4,101,684(2)        --
Steven Dominguez....      243,044     93,336    (253,894)     82,486           --
Richard K. Eamer....    3,122,417    120,707  (1,611,135)    231,989(2)  1,400,000(2)
Alan Ewalt..........      341,116     74,231    (350,070)     65,277           --
Michael H. Focht,
 Sr.................      727,895    226,474    (759,786)    194,583           --
Nita Heckendorn.....      226,083      6,649    (232,732)      0.00            --
Walter C. Kraujalis.      122,721      8,398         --      131,119(4)        --
Vincent J. Lico.....       89,560     87,632    (177,192)      0.00            --
Raymond L.
 Mathiason..........      100,482     70,397    (105,602)     65,277           --
Marcus E. Powers....      748,042    134,617    (381,884)    462,934(2)     37,841(2)
Michael Safran......      196,150        --     (196,150)      0.00            --
Neil Sorrentino.....          --      72,160         --       72,160           --
Richard L. Stever...      657,368     53,976     (53,976)    657,368           --
                      ----------- ---------- -----------  ----------    ----------
                      $11,457,457 $1,406,543 $(4,286,493) $7,139,666    $1,437,841
                      =========== ========== ===========  ==========    ==========
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-2
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
    SCHEDULE II--AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES--
                                  (CONTINUED)
 
                    YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993 AND 1994
 
- --------
(1) Except for Items (2) through (5) below, these loans consist of principal
    and interest on (a) full recourse five-year promissory notes bearing
    interest at rates of 6.5%, 8% and 9% given to purchase NME common stock
    under the Company's stock option plans, and (b) promissory notes given to
    NME upon its deposit of federal and state income taxes under withholding
    requirements. Shares purchased or vested are pledged as security for these
    notes. The tax notes bear interest at rates ranging from 6.5% to 8% and
    normally are payable on or before April 15 of the succeeding calendar year,
    unless such date otherwise is extended by the Company. Certain tax notes
    that were due on April 15, 1993, were extended to October 15, 1993. The tax
    benefit to the Company resulting from the exercise of nonstatutory stock
    options is reflected in the Company's financial statements as an increase
    in stockholder's equity. The current column represents demand loans and
    balances due on or before May 31, 1995.

(2) On September 23, 1992, the Executive Committee of the Board authorized
    special loans in the aggregate principal amount of $3,000,000 from the
    Company to Mr. Richard K. Eamer, who was then the Chief Executive Officer
    of the Company. Pursuant to that authorization, an aggregate principal
    amount of $3,000,000 was loaned to Mr. Eamer. The loans initially were made
    on a demand basis with interest at the rate of 7% per annum. The Company
    did not obtain from Mr. Eamer either a promissory note or a pledge
    agreement with respect to such loans until the termination of Mr. Eamer's
    full-time employment with the Company. In connection with the termination
    of Mr. Eamer's full-time employment with the Company, the Company caused
    Mr. Eamer to execute a promissory note and a pledge agreement, accepted by
    the full Board of Directors, pursuant to which Mr. Eamer paid down the
    then-existing balance of his loans from $3,000,000 to $2,200,000 and such
    loans were converted into a term loan bearing interest at 7% per annum,
    payable through May 31, 1998. Among other rights that the Company has upon
    any default, the term loan is secured by (a) Mr. Eamer's investment options
    and other rights under the Company's Performance Investment Plan ("PIP"),
    including the Company's obligation to repurchase Mr. Eamer's investment
    options in April, 1996, for the approximately $2,200,000 he paid for them
    in April, 1989, if such investment options have not been exercised, and (b)
    all the proceeds thereof. During fiscal year 1993, the Company also made
    special loans to three other executive officers: $850,000 to Mr. Andersons,
    Executive Vice President and Treasurer, $450,000 to Mr. Powers, former
    General Counsel, and $1,300,000 to Mr. Bedrosian, former Senior Executive
    Vice President. These loans were made on a demand basis with interest at a
    fluctuating rate equal to at least the prime rate (which was 6% at that
    time). Although no notes or security agreements were signed at the time the
    loans were made, each of Messrs. Andersons, Powers and Bedrosian provided
    memoranda to the Company confirming that they understood that their loans
    would bear interest and were made on a demand basis. Since such time,
    Messrs. Andersons and Powers executed demand promissory notes, bearing
    interest at a fluctuating interest rate equal to at least the prime rate
    (which was 6% at that time), secured by their investment options and other
    rights under the PIP and, in the case of Mr. Andersons, certain additional
    collateral, including various other securities of the Company. Mr.
    Andersons' note was repaid in July 1994. On May 31, 1994, in a lawsuit
    brought by Mr. Bedrosian against the Company, the California Superior Court
    for the County of Los Angeles granted the Company's motions with respect to
    Mr. Bedrosian's repayment to NME of all of the principal and interest due
    with respect to the $1,300,000 and another $504,406 loan. The Company
    intends to ask the court to also order Mr. Bedrosian to repay all principal
    and interest owing on three other loans to Mr. Bedrosian that are
    outstanding.

    The Company does not intend to make any similar loans in the future. No
    similar loans may be made in the future without the prior approval of the
    Compensation Committee.

(3) This loan was forgiven in consideration of services rendered.

(4) Loan made to assist in job transfer at NME's request. The note is secured
    by real property and bears interest at 8%.

(5) This amount was written off in lieu of severance compensation upon the
    termination of Mr. Roche's employment with the Company.
 
                                      F-3
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                   SCHEDULE V--PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 
                    YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993 AND 1994
 
                                 (IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           BALANCE AT  ADDITIONS RETIREMENTS  OTHER  BALANCE AT
                          BEGINNING OF  AT COST   OR SALES   CHANGES   END OF
                             PERIOD       (1)        (2)       (3)     PERIOD
                          ------------ --------- ----------- ------- ----------
<S>                       <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>     <C>
1992:
 Land....................    $  261      $ 20       $ (12)    $   2    $  271
 Buildings and
  improvements...........     1,896       119        (195)      133     1,953
 Construction in
  progress...............       156       205          (6)     (178)      177
 Equipment...............       870       160         (75)       45     1,000
                             ------      ----       -----     -----    ------
                              3,183       504        (288)        2     3,401
 Land held for expansion.        28         5         --         (2)       31
                             ------      ----       -----     -----    ------
                             $3,211      $509       $(288)    $   0    $3,432
                             ======      ====       =====     =====    ======
1993:
 Land....................    $  271      $  5       $ (20)    $  (7)   $  249
 Buildings and
  improvements...........     1,953        77        (148)       75     1,957
 Construction in
  progress...............       177        82         --       (212)       47
 Equipment...............     1,000       128         (88)       21     1,061
                             ------      ----       -----     -----    ------
                              3,401       292        (256)     (123)    3,314
 Land held for expansion.        31        14          (2)      (10)       33
                             ------      ----       -----     -----    ------
                             $3,432      $306       $(258)    $(133)   $3,347
                             ======      ====       =====     =====    ======
1994:
 Land....................    $  249      $  2       $ (81)    $   3    $  173
 Buildings and
  improvements...........     1,957        22        (610)       19     1,388
 Construction in
  progress...............        47        61          (3)      (46)       59
 Equipment...............     1,061        94        (262)       23       916
                             ------      ----       -----     -----    ------
                              3,314       179        (956)       (1)    2,536
 Land held for expansion.        33         6          (8)        1        32
                             ------      ----       -----     -----    ------
                             $3,347      $185       $(964)    $   0    $2,568
                             ======      ====       =====     =====    ======
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Includes amounts from purchased businesses of $13 in 1992 and $2 in 1993.
(2) The retirement or sales column also includes the reclassification of
    property, plant and equipment accounts of facilities held for sale.
(3) Other changes reflect transfers upon construction completion and in 1993,
    also include the property, plant and equipment accounts of the Company's
    United Kingdom nursing home subsidiary, which, as a result of an initial
    public offering of common stock in April, 1993, are no longer consolidated
    with the Company's financial statements.
 
  The annual provision for depreciation is computed principally using the
straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: generally 25 to
50 years for buildings and improvements, 3 to 15 years for equipment.
 
                                      F-4
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
           SCHEDULE VI--ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION OF
                         PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 
                    YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993 AND 1994
 
                                 (IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       ADDITIONS CHARGED TO:
                          BALANCE AT  ----------------------- RETIREMENTS  OTHER  BALANCE AT
                         BEGINNING OF CONTINUING DISCONTINUED  OR SALES   CHANGES   END OF
                            PERIOD    OPERATIONS  OPERATIONS      (1)       (2)     PERIOD
                         ------------ ---------- ------------ ----------- ------- ----------
<S>                      <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>     <C>
1992:
 Buildings and
  improvements..........     $312        $ 48        $24         $ (48)     $ 0      $336
 Equipment..............      356          74         10           (20)       0       420
                             ----        ----        ---         -----      ---      ----
                             $668        $122        $34         $ (68)     $ 0      $756
                             ====        ====        ===         =====      ===      ====
1993:
 Buildings and
  improvements..........     $336        $ 49        $14         $ (66)     $(3)     $330
 Equipment..............      420          92         13           (29)      (4)      492
                             ----        ----        ---         -----      ---      ----
                             $756        $141        $27         $ (95)     $(7)     $822
                             ====        ====        ===         =====      ===      ====
1994:
 Buildings and
  improvements..........     $330        $ 48        $10         $(127)     $50      $311
 Equipment..............      492          95         14          (144)       4       461
                             ----        ----        ---         -----      ---      ----
                             $822        $143        $24         $(271)     $54      $772
                             ====        ====        ===         =====      ===      ====
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) The retirement or sales column also includes the reclassification of
    property, plant and equipment accounts of facilities held for sale.

(2) Other changes reflect transfers upon construction completion, translation
    adjustments and in 1993, also include the property, plant and equipment
    accounts of the Company's United Kingdom nursing home subsidiary, which as
    a result of an initial public offering of common stock in April, 1993, are
    no longer consolidated with the Company's financial statements. 1994 also
    includes a write-down of the Corporate headquarters building.
 
                                      F-5
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
         SCHEDULE VIII--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
 
                    YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993 AND 1994
                                 (IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         ADDITIONS CHARGED TO:
                                      ---------------------------
                          BALANCE AT                                            BALANCE AT
                         BEGINNING OF  CONTINUING   DISCONTINUED                  END OF
                            PERIOD    OPERATIONS(1) OPERATIONS(1) DEDUCTIONS(2)   PERIOD
                         ------------ ------------- ------------- ------------- ----------
<S>                      <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Allowance for doubtful
 accounts
 1992...................     $153         $132           $88          $221         $152
 1993...................     $152         $122           $40          $199         $115
 1994...................     $115         $111           $35          $184          $77
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Before considering recoveries on doubtful accounts or notes previously
    written off.
(2) Accounts written off, net of beginning balances from purchased businesses.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           BALANCE AT                                         BALANCE AT
                          BEGINNING OF  ADDITIONS (CHARGED TO                   END OF
                             PERIOD    DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS) DEDUCTIONS(1)   PERIOD
                          ------------ ------------------------ ------------- ----------
<S>                       <C>          <C>                      <C>           <C>
Reserve for discontinued
 operations
 1992...................       --                 $129               $16         $113
 1993...................      $113                $160              $172         $101
 1994...................      $101              $1,113              $749         $465
</TABLE>
- --------
(1) Primarily cash disbursements and, in 1994, write-down of assets to net
    realizable value and reclassifications to other long-term liabilities.
 
                                      F-6
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
                       SCHEDULE IX--SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
 
                    YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993 AND 1994
 
                                 (IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               MAXIMUM     AVERAGE     WEIGHTED
                                    WEIGHTED   AMOUNT      AMOUNT       AVERAGE
                           BALANCE  AVERAGE  OUTSTANDING OUTSTANDING INTEREST RATE
 CATEGORY OF AGGREGATE    AT END OF INTEREST DURING THE  DURING THE   DURING THE
 SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS     PERIOD     RATE     PERIOD      PERIOD       PERIOD
 ---------------------    --------- -------- ----------- ----------- -------------
<S>                       <C>       <C>      <C>         <C>         <C>
Amounts payable to banks
 for borrowings:
 1992...................    $148      4.7%      $233        $109         5.3%
 1993...................    $133      3.7%      $179        $119         4.0%
 1994...................    $ 66      4.2%      $132        $ 87         4.1%
Amounts payable to other
 financial institutions:
 1992...................    $ 20      4.1%       $34        $  7         4.2%
 1993...................    $ 30      3.1%       $54        $ 21         3.0%
 1994...................    $  1      3.1%       $25        $  4         3.1%
</TABLE>
 
                                      F-7
<PAGE>
 
              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 
             SCHEDULE X--SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
 
                     YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 1992, 1993 AND 1994
 
                                 (IN MILLIONS)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                        <C>
1992:
  Maintenance and repairs................................................. $ 39
  Depreciation............................................................ $122
  Advertising............................................................. $ 20
1993:
  Maintenance and repairs................................................. $ 45
  Depreciation............................................................ $142
  Taxes other than payroll and income taxes............................... $ 35
1994:
  Maintenance and repairs................................................. $ 46
  Depreciation............................................................ $143
  Taxes other than payroll and income taxes............................... $ 31
</TABLE>
- --------
  Amortization of intangible assets for all years, taxes other than payroll and
income taxes for 1992, advertising for 1993 and 1994, and royalties for all
years are not presented because such amounts are less than one percent of
operating revenues.
 
                                      F-8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.B
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>RESTATED BYLAWS OF NME
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                          BYLAWS
 
                                                                    EXHIBIT 3(B)


                              RESTATED BY-LAWS OF

                       NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.
                              A NEVADA CORPORATION

                            AS AMENDED JULY 27, 1994
                         (AMENDMENT OF JULY 27, 1994 IS
                         EFFECTIVE SEPTEMBER 28, 1994)

                                   ARTICLE I

                             SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS

SECTION 1.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS.

      All meetings of the shareholders shall be held at the principal office of
the Corporation in the State of California, or at any other place within or
without the State of Nevada as may be designated for that purpose from time to
time by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 1.2 ANNUAL MEETINGS.

      The Annual meeting of the shareholders shall be held not later than 210
days after the close of the fiscal year, on the date and at the time set by the
Board of Directors, at which time the shareholders shall elect by plurality vote
an annual Class of the Board of Directors, consider reports of the affairs of
the Corporation, and transact such other business as may properly be brought
before the meeting.

SECTION 1.3 SPECIAL MEETINGS.

      Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes
whatsoever, may be called at any time by the Chief Executive Officer or by the
Board of Directors.

SECTION 1.4 NOTICE OF MEETINGS.

          1.4.1.    Notice of each meeting of shareholders, whether annual or
special, shall be given at least 10 and not more than 60 days prior to the day
thereof by the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary causing to be delivered to
each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting a written notice
stating the time and place of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which
the meeting is called.  Such notice shall be signed by the Chief Executive
Officer, the President, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary and shall be
mailed postage prepaid to each shareholder at his address as it appears on the
stock books of the Corporation.  If any shareholder has failed to supply an
address, notice shall be deemed to have been given if mailed to the address of
the principal office of the Corporation, or published at least once in a
newspaper having general circulation in the county in which the principal office
is located.

          1.4.2.    It shall not be necessary to give any notice of the
adjournment of or the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting other
<PAGE>
 
                                      -2-


than by announcement at the meeting at which such adjournment is taken; provided
that when a meeting is adjourned for 30 days or more, notice of the adjourned
meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting.

SECTION 1.5 CONSENT BY SHAREHOLDERS.

      Any action which may be taken at a regular meeting of the shareholders,
except election of directors, may be taken without a meeting, if authorized by a
writing signed by holders of the number of shares required under the law to give
their approval for such purpose.

SECTION 1.6 QUORUM.

          1.6.1.    The presence in person or by proxy of the persons entitled
to vote a majority of the voting shares at any meeting constitutes a quorum for
the transaction of business.  Shares shall not be counted in determining the
number of shares represented or required for a quorum or in any vote at a
meeting, if voting of them at the meeting has been enjoined or for any reason
they cannot be lawfully voted at the meeting.

          1.6.2.    The shareholders present at a duly called or held meeting at
which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment,
notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a
quorum.

          1.6.3.    In the absence of a quorum, a majority of the shares present
in person or by proxy and entitled to vote may adjourn any meeting from time to
time, but not for a period of more than 30 days at any one time, until a quorum
shall attend.

SECTION 1.7 VOTING RIGHTS.

          1.7.1.    Every shareholder of record of the Corporation shall be
entitled at each meeting of the shareholders to one vote for each share of stock
standing in his name on the books of the Corporation.  Except as otherwise
provided by law, or by the Articles of Incorporation or any amendment thereto,
or by the By-Laws, if a quorum is present, the majority of votes cast in person
or by proxy shall be binding upon all shareholders of the Corporation.

          1.7.2.    The Board of Directors shall designate a day not more than
60 days prior to any meeting of the shareholders as the day as of which
shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meetings shall be
determined.

SECTION 1.8 PROXIES.

      Every shareholder entitled to vote or to execute consents may do so either
in person or by written proxy executed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 78.355 of the Nevada Revised Statutes and filed with the Secretary of
the Corporation.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -3-

SECTION 1.9 MANNER OF CONDUCTING MEETINGS.

      To the extent not in conflict with the provisions of the law relating
thereto, the Articles of Incorporation, or express provisions of these By-Laws,
meetings shall be conducted pursuant to such rules as may be adopted by the
chairman presiding at, or a majority of the shares represented at, the meeting.


                                  ARTICLE II

                            DIRECTORS - MANAGEMENT

SECTION 2.1 POWERS.

      Subject to the limitation of the Articles of Incorporation, of the By-
Laws, and of the laws of the State of Nevada as to action to be authorized or
approved by the shareholders, all corporate powers shall be exercised by or
under authority of, and the business and affairs of this Corporation shall be
controlled by, a Board of Directors.

SECTION 2.2 NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION.

      The authorized number of directors of this Corporation shall be 10, all of
whom shall be of full age and at least a majority of whom shall be citizens of
the United States.

SECTION 2.3 CLASSIFICATION AND ELECTION.

      The Board of Directors shall be classified into three annual Classes, with
three directors in Class 1, three directors in Class 2, and four directors in
Class 3.  Each Class of directors shall be elected for terms of three years.
Each term shall continue for the number of years stated and until their
successors are elected and have qualified.  Their term of office shall begin
immediately after election.  These By-Laws are being adopted subsequent to the
initial classification of directors in 1975.  The directors in office as of the
date of adoption hereof shall continue to serve the terms for which they have
been previously elected.

SECTION 2.4 INCREASE IN THE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS.

      The Board of Directors may change the number of directors from time to
time; provided, however, neither the Board of Directors nor the shareholders may
ever increase the number of directorships by more than one during any twelve-
month period, except upon the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the directors of
each Class, or the affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of all
outstanding shares voting together and not by class.  This provision may not be
amended except by a like vote.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -4-

SECTION 2.5 VACANCIES.

          2.5.1.    Any vacancies in the Board of Directors, except vacancies
first filled by the shareholders, may be filled by the affirmative vote of two-
thirds of the remaining directors of each Class, though less than a quorum, or
by a sole remaining director.  Each director so elected shall hold office for
the balance of the term of the resigning director and until his successor is
elected.  The power to fill vacancies shall in no event be delegated to any
committee appointed in accordance with these By-Laws.

          2.5.2.    The shareholders may at any time elect a director to fill
any vacancy not filled by the directors, and may elect the additional directors
at the meeting at which an amendment of the By-Laws is voted authorizing an
increase in the number of directors.

          2.5.3.    A vacancy or vacancies shall be deemed to exist in case of
the death, resignation, or removal of any director, or if the directors or
shareholders shall increase the authorized number of directors but shall fail at
a meeting at which such increase is authorized or at an adjournment thereof to
elect the additional director so provided for, or in case the shareholders fail
at any time to elect the full number of authorized directors.

          2.5.4.    If the Board of Directors accepts the resignation of a
director tendered to take effect at a future time, the Board or the shareholders
shall have power to immediately elect a successor who shall take office when the
resignation shall become effective.

          2.5.5.    No reduction of the number of directors shall have the
effect of removing any director prior to the expiration of his term of office.

SECTION 2.6 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS.

      The entire Board of Directors or any individual director may be removed
from office, with or without cause, by the vote or written consent of
shareholders representing two-thirds of the issued and outstanding capital stock
entitled to vote.

SECTION 2.7 RESIGNATIONS.

      Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time either by oral
tender of resignation at any meeting of the Board or by giving written notice
thereof to the Secretary, the Chief Executive Officer or the President.  Such
resignation shall take effect at the time it specifies, and the acceptance of
such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

SECTION 2.8 PLACE OF MEETINGS.

      Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at the principal office
of the Corporation in the State of California, or at such other place within or
without the State of Nevada as may be designated for that purpose by the Board
of Directors. Any meeting shall be valid, wherever held, if held by the written
<PAGE>
 
                                      -5-

consent of all members of the Board of Directors, given before or after the
meeting and filed with the Secretary of the Corporation.

SECTION 2.9 MEETINGS AFTER ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING.

      The first meeting of the Board of Directors held after the annual
shareholders' meeting shall be held at such time and place within or without the
State of Nevada as shall be fixed by announcement of the Chief Executive Officer
or the President given at the annual shareholders' meeting, and no other notice
of such meeting shall be necessary, provided a majority of the whole Board shall
be present.  Alternatively, such meeting may be held at such time and place as
shall be fixed pursuant to notice given under other provisions of these By-Laws.

SECTION 2.10  OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS.

          2.10.1.   Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at
such time and place within or without the State of Nevada as may be agreed upon
from time to time by the Board.

          2.10.2.   No notice need be given of regular meetings, except that a
written notice shall be given to each director of the resolution establishing
specific meeting dates or a regular meeting date, which notice shall set forth
the date of the month, the time, and the place of the meetings.

SECTION 2.11  SPECIAL MEETINGS.

      Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called
by the Chief Executive Officer or the President or by two-thirds of the
directors of each Class.  Notice of any such meeting shall be mailed to each
director not later than three days before the day on which the meeting is to be
held, or shall be sent to him by telegraph, or delivered personally or by
telephone, not later than midnight of the day before the day of the meeting.
Any meeting of the Board of Directors shall be a legal meeting without any
notice thereof having been given, if each director consents to the holding
thereof or waives notice by a writing filed with the Secretary, or is present
thereat and their oral consents are entered on the minutes, or they take part in
the deliberations thereat without objection.  Except as otherwise provided in
the By-Laws or as may be indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business
may be transacted at any special meeting.

SECTION 2.12  WAIVER OF NOTICE.

      Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, notice of any meeting of
directors shall not be required as to any director who shall waive notice in
writing (including telex, facsimile telephonic transmission, telegram, cablegram
or radiogram) before or after such meeting.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -6-

SECTION 2.13  NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT.

      Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be
given to absent directors if the time and place is fixed at the meeting
adjourned.

SECTION 2.14  QUORUM.

      A majority of the number of directors as fixed by the Articles of
Incorporation or By-Laws shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the action of a majority of the directors present
at any meeting at which there is a quorum, when duly assembled, is valid as a
corporate act; provided, that a minority of the directors, in the absence of a
quorum, may adjourn from time to time or fill vacant directorships in accordance
with Section 2.5 but may not transact any business.

SECTION 2.15  ACTION BY UNANIMOUS WRITTEN CONSENT.

      Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board
of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board shall
individually or collectively consent in writing thereto.  Such written consent
shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board and shall have
the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of such directors.

SECTION 2.16  COMPENSATION.

      The directors may be paid their expenses of attendance at each meeting of
the Board of Directors.  Additionally, the Board of Directors may from time to
time, in its discretion, pay to directors either or both a fixed sum for
attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary for
services as a director.  No such payment shall preclude any director from
serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation
therefor.  Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like
reimbursement and compensation for attending committee meetings.

SECTION 2.17  TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS.

      In the absence of fraud, no contract or other transaction of the
Corporation shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any of the
directors of the Corporation are in any way interested in, or connected with,
any other party to, such contract or transaction or are themselves parties to
such contract or transaction, provided that such transaction satisfies Section
78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes; and each and every person who may become
a director of the Corporation is hereby relieved, to the extent permitted by
law, from any liability that might otherwise exist from contracting in good
faith with the Corporation for the benefit of himself or any person in which he
may be in any way interested or with which he may be in any way connected. Any
director of the Corporation may vote and act upon any matter, contract or
transaction between the Corporation and any other person without regard to the
fact that he is also a stockholder, director or officer of, or has any interest
in, such other person.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -7-

SECTION 2.18  EMERITUS POSITIONS.

      The Board of Directors may authorize parties to serve in an emeritus
position with respect to the Board of Directors, included by way of example but
not by way of limitation, as an Emeritus Director, as a Chairman Emeritus of the
Board of Directors or as a Vice-Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors.
These positions shall be honorary positions and parties elected to those
positions may be asked to attend meetings of the board of directors and meeting
of the shareholders from time to time.  A party holding an emeritus position
shall not be an officer or director of the Company, shall have no vote at a
director's meeting, shall receive no fees for service in that position and shall
not be given access to material, non-published information pertaining, to the
Company.  A party filling an emeritus position shall be requested to do so
because of his or her experience with and contributions to the Company.


                                  ARTICLE III

                                   OFFICERS

SECTION 3.1   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.

      The executive officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman, a Vice
Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more Senior Executive
Vice Presidents, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, one or more Group
Presidents and Chief Executive Officers, one or more Senior Vice Presidents, one
or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, and a Treasurer.  Any person may hold two
or more offices.  The executive officers of the Corporation shall be elected
annually by the Board of Directors and shall hold office for one year or until
their respective successors shall be elected and shall qualify.

SECTION 3.2   APPOINTED OFFICERS:  TITLES.

          3.2.1.    The Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary in the case of
Assistant Secretaries or the Treasurer in the case of Assistant Treasurers may
appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries or one or more Assistant Treasurers,
each of whom shall hold such title at the pleasure of the appointing officer,
have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in the By-Laws, or
as the Chief Executive Officer or the appointing officer may determine from time
to time.  Any person appointed under this Section 3.2.1 to serve in any of the
foregoing positions shall be deemed by reason of such appointment or service in
such capacity to be an "officer" of the corporation.

          3.2.2.    The Chief Executive Officer or a person designated by the
Chief Executive Officer may also appoint a president, one or more executive vice
presidents, one or more senior vice presidents, one or more vice presidents and
one or more assistant vice presidents for each operating group and division of
the Corporation and one or more senior vice presidents, one or more vice
presidents and one or more assistant vice presidents for each corporate staff
function and a corporate controller and one or more assistant controllers. Each
of such persons will hold such title at the pleasure of the Chief Executive
<PAGE>
 
                                      -8-

Officer and have authority to act for and shall perform duties with respect to
only the group, division or corporate staff function for which the person is
appointed.  Any person appointed under this Section 3.2.2 to serve in any of the
foregoing positions shall not be deemed by reason of such appointment or service
in such capacity to be an "officer" of the Corporation.

SECTION 3.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION.

          3.3.1.    Any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by
a majority of the directors at the time in office, at any regular or special
meeting of the Board.  Any appointed person may be removed from such position at
any time by the person making such appointment or his successor.

          3.3.2.    Any officer may resign at any time, by giving written notice
to the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the
Secretary of the Corporation.  Any such resignation shall take effect at the
date of the receipt of such notice, or at any later time specified therein; and
unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not
be necessary to make it effective.

SECTION 3.4 VACANCIES.

      A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal,
disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in
the By-Laws for regular appointments to such office.

SECTION 3.5 CHAIRMAN AND VICE CHAIRMAN.

      The Chairman shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and
shall exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to
time assigned to him by the Board of Directors.  The Vice Chairman shall, in the
absence of the Chairman, preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and
shall exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to
time assigned to him by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 3.6 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER.

      The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the control of the Board of
Directors, have general supervision, direction, and control of the business and
affairs of the Corporation.  He shall preside at all meetings of the
shareholders and, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board and the Vice
Chairman of the Board, at all meetings of the Board of Directors.  He shall be
ex officio a member of the Executive Committee and shall have the general powers
and duties of management usually vested in the office of chief executive officer
of a corporation and such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors.

SECTION 3.7 PRESIDENT.

      In the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer, the President
shall perform all of the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when
<PAGE>
 
                                      -9-

so acting shall have all the powers and be subject to all the restrictions upon
the Chief Executive Officer, including the power to sign all instruments and to
take all actions which the Chief Executive Officer is authorized to perform by
the Board of Directors or the By-Laws.  The President shall have the general
powers and duties usually vested in the office of president of a corporation and
such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Chief Executive Officer
or the Board of Directors.

SECTION 3.8 SENIOR EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, SENIOR
            VICE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.

      In the absence or disability of the Chief Executive Officer and the
President, a Senior Executive Vice President, an Executive Vice President or a
Group President and Chief Executive Officer, in the order of his rank and
seniority shall perform all of the duties of the Chief Executive Officer, and
when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the
restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer, including the power to sign all
instruments and to take all actions which the Chief Executive Officer is
authorized to perform by the Board of Directors or the By-Laws.  The Senior
Executive Vice Presidents, Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and
Vice Presidents shall have the general powers and duties usually vested in the
office of a vice president of a corporation; the Group Presidents and Chief
Executive Officers shall have the general powers and duties of a principal
executive officer of an operating group of a corporation; and each of them shall
have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be
prescribed for them respectively by the Board of Directors, the Executive
Committee of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the By-Laws.

SECTION 3.9 SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES.

          3.9.1.    The Secretary shall (1) attend all sessions of the Board and
all meetings of the shareholders; and (2) record and keep, or cause to be kept,
all votes and the minutes of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that
purpose at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place as
the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, specifying therein (i)
the time and place of  holding, (ii) whether regular or special, and if special,
how authorized, (iii) the notice thereof given, (iv) the names of those present
at directors' meetings, (v) the number of shares present or represented at
shareholders' meetings, and (vi) the proceedings thereof; and (3) perform like
duties for the Executive and other standing committees, when required.  In
addition, he shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal office of the
Corporation in the State of Nevada, those documents required to be kept thereat
by Section 5.2 of the By-Laws and Section 78.105 of the Nevada Revised Statutes.

          3.9.2.    The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of
meetings of the shareholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, and
shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer, under whose supervision he shall be.  He shall
keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation, and, when authorized by the
Board, affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed, it
shall be attested by his signature or by the signature of the Treasurer or an
<PAGE>
 
                                      -10-

Assistant Secretary.  The Secretary is hereby authorized to issue certificates,
to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of
officers of this Corporation or to actions duly taken by the Board of Directors
or the shareholders.

          3.9.3.    The Assistant Secretaries, in the order of their seniority,
shall in the absence or disability of the Secretary, perform the duties and
exercise the powers of the Secretary, and shall perform such other duties as the
Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall prescribe.

SECTION 3.10  TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS.

          3.10.1.   The Treasurer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables
in the name, and to the credit, of the Corporation, with such depositories as
may be ordered by the Board of Directors.  He shall disburse the funds of the
Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall render to the
Chief Executive Officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of
all his transactions as Treasurer, and of the financial condition of the
Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as
may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the By-Laws.

          3.10.2.   The Assistant Treasurers, in the order of their seniority,
shall in the absence or disability of the Treasurer, perform the duties and
exercise the powers of the Treasurer, and shall perform such other duties as the
Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer shall prescribe.

SECTION 3.11  ADDITIONAL POWERS, SENIORITY AND SUBSTITUTION OF OFFICERS.

      In addition to the foregoing powers and duties specifically prescribed for
the respective officers, the Board of Directors may from time to time by
resolution (i) impose or confer upon any of the officers such additional duties
and powers as the Board of Directors may see fit, (ii) determine the order of
seniority among the officers, and/or (iii) except as otherwise provided above,
provide that in the absence of any officer or officers, any other officer or
officers shall substitute for and assume the duties, powers and authority of the
absent officer or officers.  Any such resolution may be final, subject only to
further action by the Board of Directors, or the resolution may grant such
discretion, as the Board of Directors deems appropriate, to the Chairman, the
Vice Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, the President (or in his absence the
Senior Executive Vice President or the Executive Vice President serving in his
place) to impose or confer additional duties and powers, to determine the order
of seniority among officers, and/or to provide for substitution of officers as
above described.

SECTION 3.12  COMPENSATION.

      The officers of the Corporation shall receive such compensation as shall
be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors.  No officer shall be
prohibited from receiving such salary by reason of the fact that he is also a
director of the Corporation.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -11-

SECTION 3.13  TRANSACTION INVOLVING INTEREST OF OFFICER.

      In the absence of fraud, no contract or other transaction of the
Corporation shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any of the
officers of the Corporation are in any way interested in, or connected with, any
other party to such contract or transaction, or are themselves parties to such
contract or transaction, provided that such transaction complies with Section
78.140 of the Nevada Revised Statutes; and each and every person who is or may
become an officer of the Corporation is hereby relieved, to the extent permitted
by law, when acting in good faith, from any liability that might otherwise exist
from contracting with the Corporation for the benefit of himself or any person
in which he may be in any way interested or with which he may be in any way
connected.


                                  ARTICLE IV

                        EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMITTEES

SECTION 4.1 STANDING COMMITTEES.

      The Board of Directors shall appoint an Executive Committee, an Audit
Committee and a Compensation and Stock Option Committee, consisting of such
number of its members as it may designate, consistent with the Articles of
Incorporation, the By-Laws and the laws of the State of Nevada.

          4.1.1.    The Executive Committee shall have and may exercise, when
the Board is not in session, all of the powers of the Board of Directors in the
management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, but the Executive
Committee shall not have the power to fill vacancies on the Board, or to change
the membership of or to fill vacancies in the Executive Committee or any other
Committee of the Board, or to adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws, or to declare
dividends.

          4.1.2.    The Audit Committee shall select and engage on behalf of the
Corporation, subject to the consent of the shareholders, and fix the
compensation of, a firm of certified public accountants whose duty it shall be
to audit the books and accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries for the
fiscal year in which they are appointed, and who shall report to such Committee.
The Audit Committee shall confer with the auditors and shall determine, and from
time to time shall report to the Board of Directors upon, the scope of the
auditing of the books and accounts of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. The
Audit Committee shall also be responsible for determining that the business
practices and conduct of employees and other representatives of the Corporation
and its subsidiaries comply with the policies and procedures of the Corporation.
None of the members of the Audit Committee shall be officers or employees of the
Corporation.

          4.1.3.    The Compensation and Stock Option Committee shall establish
a general compensation policy for the Corporation and shall have responsibility
for the approval of increases in directors' fees and in salaries
<PAGE>
 
                                      -12-

paid to officers and senior employees earning in excess of an annual salary to
be determined by the Committee.  The Compensation and Stock Option Committee
shall have all of the powers of administration under all of the Corporation's
employee benefit plans, including any stock option plans, long-term incentive
plans, bonus plans, retirement plans, stock purchase plans and medical, dental
and insurance plans. In connection therewith, the Compensation and Stock Option
Committee shall determine, subject to the provisions of the Corporation's plans,
the directors, officers and employees of the Corporation eligible to participate
in any of the plans, the extent of such participation and the terms and
conditions under which benefits may be vested, received or exercised.  None of
the members of the Compensation and Stock Option Committee shall be officers or
employees of the Corporation.

SECTION 4.2 OTHER COMMITTEES.

      Subject to the limitations of the Articles of Incorporation, the By-Laws
and the laws of the State of Nevada as to action to be authorized or approved by
the shareholders, or duties not delegable by the Board of Directors, any or all
of the corporate powers may be exercised by or under authority of, and the
business and affairs of this Corporation may be controlled by, such other
committee or committees as may be appointed by the Board of Directors.  The
powers to be exercised by any such committee shall be designated by the Board of
Directors.

SECTION 4.3 PROCEDURES.

      Subject to the limitations of the Articles of Incorporation, the By-Laws
and the laws of the State of Nevada regarding the conduct of business by the
Board of Directors and its appointed committees, any committee created under
this Article may use any procedures for conducting its business and exercising
its powers, including but not limited to actions by the unanimous written
consent of its members in the manner set forth in Section 2.15.  A majority (but
not less than two members) shall constitute a quorum.  Notices of meetings may
be in any reasonable manner and may be waived as for meetings of directors.


                                   ARTICLE V

                   CORPORATE RECORDS AND REPORTS - INSPECTION

SECTION 5.1 RECORDS.

      The Corporation shall maintain adequate and correct accounts, books and
records of its business and properties.  All of such books, records and accounts
shall be kept at its principal place of business in the State of California, as
fixed by the Board of Directors from time to time.

SECTION 5.2 ARTICLES, BY-LAWS AND STOCK LEDGER.

      The Corporation shall maintain and keep the following documents at its
principal place of business in the State of Nevada: (i) a certified copy of the
<PAGE>
 
                                      -13-

Articles of Incorporation and all amendments thereto; (ii) a certified copy of
the By-Laws and all amendments thereto; and (iii) a statement setting forth the
following:  "The Secretary of the Corporation, whose address is 2700 Colorado
Avenue, Santa Monica, California 90404, is the custodian of the duplicate stock
ledger of the Corporation."

SECTION 5.3 INSPECTION.

      Any person who has been a shareholder of record for at least six months
immediately preceding his demand, or any person holding, or thereunto authorized
in writing by the holders of, at least five percent of all of the Corporation's
outstanding shares, upon at least five days' written demand, or any judgment
creditor without prior demand, shall have the right to inspect in person or by
agent or attorney, during usual business hours, the duplicate stock ledger of
the Corporation and to make extracts therefrom; provided, however, that such
inspection may be denied to any shareholder or other person upon his refusal to
furnish to the Corporation an affidavit that such inspection is not desired for
a purpose which is in the interest of a business or object other than the
business of the Corporation and that he has not at any time sold or offered for
sale any list of shareholders of any corporation or aided or abetted any person
in procuring any such record of shareholders for any such purpose.

SECTION 5.4 CHECKS, DRAFTS, ETC.

      All checks, drafts, or other orders for payment of money, notes, or other
evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of, or payable to, the
Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons, and in such
manner as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of
Directors.


                                  ARTICLE VI

                             OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS

SECTION 6.1 EXECUTION OF CONTRACTS.

      The Board of Directors, except as the By-Laws otherwise provide, may
authorize any officer or officers or agent or agents to enter into any contract
or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation.  Such
authority may be general, or confined to specific instances.  Unless so
authorized by the Board of Directors, no officer, agent or employee shall have
any power or authority, except in the ordinary course of business, to bind the
Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit, or to render
it liable for any purpose or in any amount.

SECTION 6.2 REPRESENTATION OF OTHER CORPORATIONS.

      All shares of any other corporation, standing in the name of the
Corporation, shall be voted, represented, and all rights incidental thereto
exercised as directed by written consent or resolution of the Board of Directors
expressly referring thereto.  In general, such rights shall be delegated by the
<PAGE>
 
                                      -14-

Board of Directors under express instructions from time to time as to each
exercise thereof to the Chief Executive Officer, the President,  any Senior
Executive Vice President, any Executive Vice President, any Senior Vice
President, any Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of this
Corporation, or any other person expressly appointed by the Board of Directors.
Such authority may be exercised by the designated officers in person, or by any
other person authorized so to do by proxy, or power of attorney, duly executed
by such officers.

SECTION 6.3 DIVIDENDS.

      The Board of Directors may from time to time declare, and the Corporation
may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and on the terms and
conditions provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, and the Articles of
Incorporation, subject to any contractual restrictions to which the Corporation
is then subject.


                                  ARTICLE VII

                    CERTIFICATES FOR AND TRANSFER OF SHARES

SECTION 7.1 CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES.

          7.1.1.    Certificates for shares shall be of such form and device as
the Board of Directors may designate and shall be numbered and registered as
they are issued.  Each shall state the name of the record holder of the shares
represented thereby; its number and date of issuance; the number of shares for
which it is issued; the par value; a statement of the rights, privileges,
preferences and restrictions, if any; a statement as to rights of redemption or
conversion, if any; and a statement of liens or restrictions upon transfer or
voting, if any, or, alternatively, a statement that certificates specifying such
matters may be obtained from the Secretary of the Corporation.

          7.1.2.    Every certificate for shares must be signed by the Chief
Executive Officer or the President and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary,
or must be authenticated by facsimiles of the signatures of the Chief Executive
Officer or the President and the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary.  Before it
becomes effective, every certificate for shares authenticated by a facsimile or
a signature must be countersigned by a transfer agent or transfer clerk, and
must be registered by an incorporated bank or trust company, either domestic or
foreign, as registrar of transfers.

          7.1.3.    Even though an officer who signed, or whose facsimile
signature has been written, printed, or stamped on a certificate for shares
ceases, by death, resignation, or otherwise, to be an officer of the Corporation
before the certificate is delivered by the Corporation, the certificate shall be
as valid as though signed by a duly elected, qualified and authorized officer,
if it is countersigned by the signature or facsimile signature of a transfer
clerk or transfer agent and registered by an incorporated bank or trust company,
as registrar of transfers.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -15-

          7.1.4.  Even though a person whose facsimile signature as, or on
behalf of, the transfer agent or transfer clerk has been written, printed or
stamped on a certificate for shares ceases, by death, resignation, or otherwise,
to be a person authorized to so sign such certificate before the certificate is
delivered by the Corporation, the certificate shall be deemed countersigned by
the facsimile signature of a transfer agent or transfer clerk for purposes of
meeting the requirements of this section.

SECTION 7.2 TRANSFER ON THE BOOKS.

      Upon surrender to the Secretary or transfer agent of the Corporation of a
certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of
succession, assignment or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the
Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel
the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books.

SECTION 7.3 LOST OR DESTROYED CERTIFICATES.

      The Board of Directors may direct, or may authorize the Secretary to
direct, a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any
certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to
have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the
person claiming the certificate for shares so lost or destroyed.  When
authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Board of
Directors or Secretary may, in its or his discretion, and as a condition
precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost or destroyed
certificate or certificates, or his legal representative, to advertise the same
in such manner as it shall require and/or give the Corporation a bond in such
sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the
Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost or
destroyed.

SECTION 7.4 TRANSFER AGENTS AND REGISTRARS.

      The Board of Directors may appoint one or more transfer agents or transfer
clerks, and one or more registrars, who may be the same person, and may be the
Secretary of the Corporation, or an incorporated bank or trust company, either
domestic or foreign, who shall be appointed at such times and places as the
requirements of the Corporation may necessitate and the Board of Directors may
designate.

SECTION 7.5 FIXING RECORD DATE FOR DIVIDENDS, ETC.

      The Board of Directors may fix a time, not exceeding 50 days preceding the
date fixed for the payment of any dividend or distribution, or for the allotment
of rights, or when any change or conversion or exchange of shares shall go into
effect, as a record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to
receive any such dividend or distribution, or any such allotment of rights, or
to exercise the rights in respect to any such change, conversion, or exchange of
shares, and, in such case, only shareholders of record on the date so fixed
shall be entitled to receive such dividend, distribution, or allotment
<PAGE>
 
                                      -16-

of rights, or to exercise such rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any
transfer of any shares on the books of the Corporation after any record date
fixed as aforesaid.

SECTION 7.6 RECORD OWNERSHIP.

      The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a
person registered as such on the books of the Corporation as the owner of shares
of the Corporation's stock to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and
shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in
such shares on the part of any other person, whether or not the Corporation
shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by law.


                                 ARTICLE VIII

                             AMENDMENTS TO BY-LAWS

SECTION 8.1 BY SHAREHOLDERS.

      New or restated by-laws may be adopted, or these By-Laws may be repealed
or amended, at the annual shareholders' meeting or at any other meeting of the
shareholders called for that purpose, by a vote of shareholders entitled to
exercise a majority of the voting power of the Corporation.

SECTION 8.2 BY DIRECTORS.

      Subject to the right of the shareholders to adopt, amend, or repeal by-
laws, as provided in Section 8.1, the Board of Directors may adopt, amend, or
repeal any of these By-Laws by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the
directors of each Class except as otherwise provided in Section 2.4.  This power
may not be delegated to any committee appointed in accordance with these By-
Laws.

SECTION 8.3 RECORD OF AMENDMENTS.

      Whenever an amendment or a new By-Law is adopted, it shall be copied in
the book of minutes with the original By-Laws, in the appropriate place.  If any
By-Law is repealed, the fact of repeal, with the date of the meeting at which
the repeal was enacted, or written assent was filed, shall be stated in said
book.


                                   ARTICLE IX

                   INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

SECTION 9.1 Each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by
reason of the fact that he, or a person of whom he is the legal representative,
is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent
of
<PAGE>
 
                                      -17-

another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether
the basis of such proceeding is alleged action or inaction in an official
capacity or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the
Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of Nevada, as the same
exist or may hereafter be amended, against all costs, charges, expenses,
liabilities and losses (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, employee
benefit plan exercise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in
settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection
therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased
to be a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent and shall inure to the
benefit of his heirs, executors and administrators; provided however, that,
except as provided in Section 9.2, the Corporation shall indemnify any such
person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof)
initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was
authorized by the Board.  The right to indemnification conferred in this Article
IX shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred
in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided,
however, that, if the Nevada Private Corporation Law requires, the payment of
such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his capacity as a director or
officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by
such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service
to any employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a
proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an
undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts
so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer
is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 9.1 or otherwise.  The
Corporation may, by action of the Board, provide indemnification to employees
and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the foregoing
indemnification of directors and officers.

SECTION 9.2 If a claim under Section 9.1 is not paid in full by the Corporation
within thirty days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation,
the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to
recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part,
the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such
claim.  It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought
to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance
of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has
been tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has failed to meet a
standard of conduct which makes it permissible under Nevada law for the
Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed.  Neither the
failure of the Corporation (including the Board, independent legal counsel, or
its shareholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such
action that indemnification of the claimant is permissible in the circumstances
because he has met such standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the
Corporation (including the Board, independent legal counsel, or its
shareholders) that the claimant has not met such standard of conduct, shall be a
defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has failed to
meet such standard of conduct.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -18-

SECTION 9.3 The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in
defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this
Article IX shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have
or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Articles of
Incorporation, By-Law, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise.

SECTION 9.4 The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect
itself and any director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the
Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the
Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
liability or loss under Nevada law.

SECTION 9.5 To the extent that any director, officer, employee, fiduciary or
agent of the Corporation is by reason of such position, or a position with
another entity at the request of the Corporation, a witness in any action, suit
or proceeding, he shall be indemnified against all costs and expenses actually
and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

SECTION 9.6 The Corporation may enter into agreements with any director,
officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation providing for
indemnification to the full extent permitted by Nevada law.

SECTION 9.7 For purposes of this Article IX, the term "Board" shall mean the
Board of Directors of the Corporation or, to the extent permitted by the laws of
Nevada, as the same exist or may hereafter be amended, its Executive Committee.
On vote of the Board, the Corporation may assent to the adoption of this Article
IX by any subsidiary, whether or not wholly owned.

SECTION 9.8 The rights provided by this Article IX shall be available whether or
not the claim asserted against the director, officer, employee, fiduciary or
agent is based on matters which antedate the adoption of this Article IX.

SECTION 9.9 If any provision of this Article IX shall for any reason be
determined to be invalid, the remaining provisions hereof shall not be affected
thereby but shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 9.10  The rights provided by this Article IX shall be applicable to the
officers (including without limitation the Chairman, Vice Chairman, treasurer
and assistant treasurer) appointed from time to time by the Chief Executive
Officer of the Corporation or his designee to serve in the administration and
management of any separate, segregated fund established for purposes of
collecting and distributing voluntary employee political contributions to
federal election campaigns pursuant to the Federal Election Campaign Act of
1971, as amended.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -19-

                                   ARTICLE X

                                 CORPORATE SEAL

      The corporate seal shall be circular in form and shall have inscribed
thereon the name of the Corporation, and the date of its incorporation, and the
word "Nevada".


                                   ARTICLE XI

                                 INTERPRETATION

      Reference in these By-Laws to any provision of the Nevada Revised Statutes
shall be deemed to include all amendments thereto and the effect of the
construction and determination of validity thereof by the Nevada Supreme Court.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.UU
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>SUPP. EXEC. RETRMNT PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                        SERP.TRS
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(uu)
 
             1994 NME SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN TRUST

                            AS AMENDED JULY 25, 1994



     This Trust Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into this 25th
day of May, 1994, by and between National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company") and United States Trust Company of New York (the
"Trustee") with reference to the following facts:

     A.  Company has adopted the NME Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the
"Plan"), a copy of the Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit A.
                                                  --------- 

     B.  Company has incurred or expects to incur liability under the terms of
such Plan with respect to the individuals participating in such Plan.

     C.  Company wishes to establish a trust (hereinafter called "Trust") and to
contribute to the Trust assets that shall be held therein, subject to the claims
of Company's creditors in the event of Company's Insolvency, as herein defined,
until paid to Plan participants and for their beneficiaries in such manner and
at such times as specified in the Plan.

     D.  It is the intention of the parties that this Trust shall constitute an
unfunded arrangement and shall not affect the status of the Plan as an unfunded
plan maintained for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select
group of management or highly compensated employees for purposes of Title I of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").

                                       1
<PAGE>
 
     E.  It is the intention of Company to make contributions to the Trust to
provide itself with a source of funds to assist it in the meeting of its
liabilities under the Plan.

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties do hereby establish the Trust and agree that
the Trust shall be comprised, held and disposed of as follows:

Section 1.    ESTABLISHMENT OF TRUST.
              ---------------------- 

     (a) Company hereby deposits with Trustee in trust One Million shares of the
$.075 par value per share common stock of Company, which shall become the
principal of the Trust to be held, administered and disposed of by Trustee as
provided in this Agreement.

     (b) The Trust shall become irrevocable upon approval by the Board of
Directors.  Company shall provide a certified copy of the resolution of the
Board of Directors stipulating that the Trust has been approved by them.

     (c) The Trust is intended to be a grantor trust, of which Company is the
grantor, within the meaning of subpart E, part I, subchapter J, chapter 1,
subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and shall be
construed accordingly.

     (d) The principal of the Trust, and any earnings thereon shall be held
separate and apart from other funds of Company and shall be used exclusively for
the uses and purposes of participants in the Plan and general creditors as
herein set forth.  Plan participants and their beneficiaries shall have no
preferred

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
claim on, or any beneficial ownership interest in, any assets of the Trust.  Any
rights created under the Plan and this Agreement shall be mere unsecured
contractual rights of Plan participants and their beneficiaries against Company.
Any assets held by the Trust will be subject to the claims of Company's general
creditors under federal and state law in the event of Insolvency, as defined in
Section 3(a) herein.

     (e) Upon a Change of Control, as defined in Section 13(d) herein, and on
the last day of every calendar quarter commencing with the first calendar
quarter beginning after the month in which a Change in Control occurs (a
"Quarter").  Company shall, as soon as possible, but in no event longer than
thirty (30) days following the Change of Control and no longer than ten (10)
days after the end of each Quarter, make an irrevocable contribution to the
Trust in an amount that is sufficient together with all assets held by the Trust
as of such date to pay to each Plan participant or beneficiary, on a pre-tax
basis, the benefits to which Plan participants or their beneficiaries would be
entitled pursuant to the terms of the Plan as of the date on which the Change of
Control occurred, and as of the last day of each Quarter.  Company shall notify
the Trustee immediately following verification that a Change of Control has
occurred.

Section 2.    PAYMENTS TO PLAN PARTICIPANTS AND THEIR BENEFICIARIES.
              ----------------------------------------------------- 

     (a) Company shall deliver to Trustee a schedule (the "Payment Schedule")
that indicates the amounts payable in respect of each Plan participant (and his
or her beneficiaries), that provides a formula or other instructions acceptable
to Trustee for determining the amounts so payable, the form in which such amount
is to be paid (as provided for or available under the Plan), and the time of

                                       3
<PAGE>
 
commencement for payment of such amounts.  Except as otherwise provided herein,
Trustee shall make payments to the Plan participants and their beneficiaries in
accordance with such Payment Schedule.  The Trustee shall not be responsible for
determining the accuracy of the amounts to be paid according to the Payment
Schedule.  The Trustee shall make provision for the reporting and withholding of
any federal, state or local taxes pursuant to the terms of the Plan and shall
pay amounts withheld to the appropriate taxing authorities or determine that
such amounts have been reported, withheld and paid by Company.

     (b) The entitlement of a Plan participant or his or her beneficiaries to
benefits under the Plan shall be determined by Company or such party as it shall
designate under the Plan, and any claim for such benefits shall be considered
and reviewed under the procedures set out in the Plan.

     (c) Company may make payment of benefits directly to Plan participants or
their beneficiaries as they become due under the terms of the Plan.  Company
shall notify Trustee of its decision to make payment of benefits directly prior
to the time amounts are payable to participants or their beneficiaries.  In
addition, if the principal of the Trust, and any earnings thereon, are not
sufficient to make payments of benefits in accordance with the terms of the
Plan, Company shall make the balance of each such payment as it falls due.
Trustee shall notify Company where principal and earnings are not sufficient.

                                       4
<PAGE>
 
Section 3.     TRUSTEE RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING PAYMENTS TO TRUST
               --------------------------------------------------     
               BENEFICIARY WHEN COMPANY IS INSOLVENT.
               ------------------------------------- 

     (a) Trustee shall cease payment of benefits to Plan participants and their
beneficiaries if the Company is Insolvent.  Company shall be considered
"Insolvent" for purposes of this Trust Agreement if (i) Company is unable to pay
its debts as they become due, or (ii) Company is subject to a pending proceeding
as a debtor under the United States Bankruptcy Code.

     (b) At all times during the continuance of this Trust, as provided in
Section 1(d) hereof, the principal and income of the Trust shall be subject to
claims of general creditors of Company under federal and state law as set forth
below.

          (1) The Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Company
shall have the duty to inform Trustee in writing of Company's Insolvency.  If a
person claiming to be a creditor of Company alleges in writing to Trustee that
Company has become Insolvent, Trustee shall determine whether Company is
Insolvent and, pending such determination, Trustee shall discontinue payment of
benefits to Plan participants or their beneficiaries.

          (2) Unless Trustee has actual knowledge of Company's Insolvency, or
has received notice from Company or a person claiming to be a creditor alleging
that Company is Insolvent, Trustee shall have no duty to inquire whether Company
is Insolvent.  Trustee may in all events rely on such evidence concerning
Company's solvency as may be furnished to Trustee and that provides Trustee with
a reasonable basis for making a determination concerning Company's solvency.

                                       5
<PAGE>
 
          (3) If at any time Trustee has determined that Company is Insolvent,
Trustee shall discontinue payments to Plan participants or their beneficiaries
and shall hold the assets of the Trust for the benefit of Company's general
creditors.  Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way diminish any rights of
Plan participants or their beneficiaries to pursue their rights as general
creditors of Company with respect to benefits due under the Plan or otherwise.

          (4) Trustee shall resume the payment of benefits to Plan participants
or their beneficiaries in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement only after
Trustee has determined that Company is not Insolvent (or is no longer
Insolvent).

     (c) Provided that there are sufficient assets, if Trustee discontinues the
payment of benefits from the Trust pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof and
subsequently resumes such payments, the first payment following such
discontinuance shall include the aggregate amount of all payments due to Plan
participants or their beneficiaries under the terms of the Plan for the period
of such discontinuance, less the aggregate amount of any payments made to Plan
participants or their beneficiaries by Company in lieu of the payments provided
for hereunder during any such period of discontinuance.


Section 4.     PAYMENTS TO COMPANY.
               ------------------- 

     Except as provided in Section 3 hereof, after the Trust has become
irrevocable, Company shall have no right or power to direct Trustee to return to

                                       6
<PAGE>
 
Company or to divert to others any of the Trust assets before all payment of
benefits have been made to Plan participants and their beneficiaries pursuant to
the terms of the Plan.

Section 5.     INVESTMENT AUTHORITY.
               -------------------- 

     It is the intent of Company that the Trustee shall invest the contributions
to the Trust in shares of common stock of Company.  Trustee may invest in
securities (including stock or right to acquire stock) or obligations issued by
Company.  All rights associated with assets of the Trust shall be exercised by
Trustee, or the person designated by Trustee, and shall in no event be
exercisable by or rest with Plan participants.  Company shall have the right at
any time, and from time to time in its sole discretion, to substitute assets of
equal fair market value for any asset held by the Trust.  This right is
exercisable by Company in a nonfiduciary capacity without the approval or
consent of any person in a fiduciary capacity.  The Trustee shall hold the stock
until such time as the stock must be liquidated to pay Plan participants or
their beneficiaries or until such time as the Trustee determines it to be
clearly imprudent to retain the stock to preserve the principal balance required
to maintain adequate funding for future payments due to Plan participants or
their beneficiaries.

     Company represents and warrants that it has filed and will file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and with all applicable state agencies or
authorities all required registration statements relating to shares of Company
stock and other interests which may be issued under the Plan.  The Employer
acknowledges that it is and shall be responsible for, and that the Trustee shall

                                       7
<PAGE>
 
not be responsible for, preparing or filing such registration statements or for
the accuracy of statements contained therein, or for preparing or filing any
other reports, statements or filings required under federal or state securities
laws with respect to the Trust's investment in Company stock.

Section 6.    DISPOSITION OF INCOME.
              --------------------- 

     During the term of this Trust, all income received by the Trust, net of
expenses and taxes, shall be accumulated and reinvested.

Section 7.    ACCOUNTING BY TRUSTEE.
              --------------------- 

     Trustee shall keep accurate and detailed records of all investments,
receipts, disbursements, and all other transactions required to be made,
including such specific records as shall be agreed upon in writing between
Company and Trustee. Within sixty (60) days following the close of each calendar
year and within sixty (60) days after the removal or resignation of Trustee,
Trustee shall deliver to Company a written account of its administration of the
Trust during such year or during the period from the close of the last preceding
year to the date of such removal or resignation, setting forth all investments,
receipts, disbursements and other transactions effected by it, including a
description of all securities and investments purchased and sold with the cost
or net proceeds of such purchases or sales (accrued interest paid or receivable
being shown separately), and showing all cash, securities and other property
held in the Trust at the end of such year or as of the date of such removal or
resignation, as the case may be.

                                       8
<PAGE>
 
Section 8.    RESPONSIBILITY OF TRUSTEE.
              ------------------------- 

     (a) Trustee shall act with the care, skill, prudence and diligence under
the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent person acting in like capacity
and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a
like character and with like aims provided, however, that Trustee shall incur no
liability to any person for any action taken pursuant to a direction, request or
approval given by Company which is contemplated by, and in conformity with, the
terms of the Plan or this Trust and is given in writing by Company.  In the
event of a dispute between Company and a party, Trustee may apply to a court of
competent jurisdiction to resolve the dispute.

     (b) If Trustee undertakes or defends any litigation arising in connection
with this Trust, Company agrees to indemnify Trustee against Trustee's costs,
expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and
expenses) relating thereto and to be primarily liable for such payments.  If
Company does not pay such costs, expenses and liabilities in a reasonably timely
manner, Trustee may obtain payment from the Trust.

     (c) Trustee may consult with legal counsel (who may also be counsel for
Company generally) with respect to any of its duties or obligations hereunder.

     (d) Trustee may hire agents, accountants, actuaries, investment advisors,
financial consultants or other professionals to assist it in performing any of
its duties or obligations hereunder.

                                       9
<PAGE>
 
     (e) Trustee shall have, without exclusion, all powers conferred on trustees
by applicable law, unless expressly provided otherwise herein, provided,
however, that if an insurance policy is held as an asset of the Trust, Trustee
shall have no power to name a beneficiary of the policy other than the Trust, to
assign the policy (as distinct from conversion of the policy to a different
form) other than to a successor Trustee, or to loan to any person the proceeds
of any borrowing against such policy.

     (f) Notwithstanding any powers granted to Trustee pursuant to this
Agreement or to applicable law, Trustee shall not have any power that could give
this Trust the objective of carrying on a business and dividing the gains
therefrom, within the meaning of section 301.7701-2 of the Procedure and
Administrative Regulations promulgated pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code.

     (g) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the
event of a Change of Control, the Trustee is hereby directed to sell any and all
shares of Company stock, or other stock that is received by the Trustee in
exchange for such Company stock as a result of the Change of Control, which the
Trustee holds as a Trust asset, within thirty (30) days of such Change of
Control.  The Trustee shall invest any and all proceeds that it receives as a
result of such sales that are not immediately needed in order to make
distributions to Plan participants and their beneficiaries in United States
government securities and/or securities of United States government agencies
with average portfolio maturity of two (2) years.  Additionally, if the Trustee
sells any Company stock prior to a Change in Control the proceeds from any such
sale that are not immediately needed in order to make distributions to Plan
participants and their beneficiaries shall also be invested by the Trustee in

                                       10
<PAGE>
 
United States government securities and/or securities of United States
government agencies with average portfolio maturity of two (2) years.

Section 9.     COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES OF TRUSTEE.
               ------------------------------------ 

     Company shall pay all administrative and Trustee's fees and expenses. If
not so paid, the fees and expenses shall be paid from the Trust. In the event of
a Change of Control or any other matter, which in the Trustee's reasonable
discretion requires the Trustee to perform services in addition to the Trustee's
custodial and investment responsibilities under this Agreement, the Trustee
shall be entitled to an addition fee as provided in this Section 9. The Trustee
shall be compensated at its normal hourly rates for all reasonable additional
services and for the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel or other
experts required to be engaged by the Trustee. Such amounts shall be paid by
Company to the Trustee within thirty (30) days of billing, provided that if
timely payment is not made by the Company, the Trustee may discharge any such
obligation out of the Trust assets, regardless of whether the Trust is fully
funded. In the event of the termination of the Trust or the removal or
resignation of the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold out of the
Trust assets all amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to this Section 9. This
Section 9 shall supersede any conflicting provision of this Agreement or the
Plan.

Section 10.    RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF TRUSTEE.
               ---------------------------------- 

     (a) Trustee may resign at any time by written notice to Company, which
shall be effective ninety (90) days after receipt of such notice unless Company
and Trustee agree otherwise.

                                       11
<PAGE>
 
     (b) Subject to Section 10(c), Trustee may be removed by Company on ninety
(90) days notice or upon shorter notice accepted by Trustee.

     (c) Upon a Change of Control, as defined herein, Trustee may not be removed
by Company for ten (10) years.

     (d) If Trustee resigns or is removed within ten (10) years of a Change of
Control, as defined herein, Trustee shall select a successor Trustee in
accordance with the provisions of Section 11(b) hereof prior to the effective
date of Trustee's resignation or removal.

     (e) Upon resignation or removal of Trustee and appointment of a successor
Trustee, all assets shall subsequently be transferred to the successor Trustee.
The transfer shall be completed within ninety (90) days after receipt of notice
of resignation, removal or transfer, unless Company extends the time limit.

     (f) If Trustee resigns or is removed, a successor shall be appointed, in
accordance with Section 11 hereof, by the effective date of resignation or
removal under paragraphs (a) or (b) of this section.  If no such appointment has
been made, Trustee may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for
appointment of a successor or for instructions.  All expenses of Trustee in
connection with the proceeding shall be allowed as administrative expenses of
the Trust.

Section 11.    APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.
               ------------------------ 

     (a) If Trustee resigns or is removed in accordance with Section 10(a) or
(b) hereof, Company may appoint any third party, such as a bank trust department

                                       12
<PAGE>
 
or other party that may be granted corporate trustee powers under state law, as
a successor to replace Trustee upon resignation or removal.  The appointment
shall be effective when accepted in writing by the new Trustee, who shall have
all of the rights and powers of the former Trustee, including ownership rights
in the Trust assets.  The former Trustee shall execute any instrument necessary
or reasonably requested by Company or the successor Trustee to evidence the
transfer.

     (b) If Trustee resigns or is removed pursuant to the provisions of Section
10(e) hereof and selects a successor Trustee, Trustee may appoint any third
party such as a bank trust department or other party that may be granted
corporate trustee powers under state law.  The appointment of a successor
Trustee shall be effective when accepted in writing by the new Trustee.  The new
Trustee shall have all the rights and powers of the former Trustee, including
ownership rights in Trust assets.  The former Trustee shall execute any
instrument necessary or reasonably requested by the successor Trustee to
evidence the transfer.

     (c) The successor Trustee need not examine the records and acts of any
prior Trustee and may retain or dispose of existing Trust assets, subject to
Sections 7 and 8 hereof.  The successor Trustee shall not be responsible for and
Company shall indemnify and defend the successor Trustee from any claim or
liability resulting from any action or inaction of any prior Trustee or from any
other past event, or any condition existing at the time it becomes successor
Trustee.

                                       13
<PAGE>
 
Section 12.    AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION.
               ------------------------ 

     (a) This Agreement may be amended by a written instrument executed by
Trustee and Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such amendment shall
conflict with the terms of the Plan or shall make the Trust revocable after it
has become irrevocable in accordance with Section l(b) hereof.

     (b) The Trust shall not terminate until the date on which Plan participants
and their beneficiaries are no longer entitled to benefits pursuant to the terms
of the Plan unless sooner revoked in accordance with Section 1(b) hereof.  Upon
termination of the Trust any assets remaining in the Trust shall be returned to
Company.

     (c) Upon written approval of all participants or beneficiaries entitled to
payment of benefits pursuant to the terms of the Plan, Company may terminate
this Trust prior to the time all benefit payments under the Plan have been made.
Company shall provide verification to the Trustee that all Plan participants or
beneficiaries entitled to benefits under the Plan have in fact approved the
termination of the Trust.  All assets in the Trust at termination shall be
returned to Company.

     (d) Sections 1(e), 4, 5, 8(g), 10(c), 10(d), 12(d) and 13(d) of this
Agreement may not be amended by Company for ten (10) years following a Change in
Control, as defined herein.

                                       14
<PAGE>
 
Section 13.    MISCELLANEOUS.
               ------------- 

     (a) Any provision of this Agreement prohibited by law shall be ineffective
to the extent of any such prohibition, without invalidating the remaining
provisions hereof.

     (b) Benefits payable to Plan participants and their beneficiaries under
this Agreement may not be anticipated, assigned (either at law or in equity),
alienated, pledged, encumbered or subjected to attachment, garnishment, levy,
execution or other legal or equitable process.
 
     (c) This Trust Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent pre-empted by
ERISA.

     (d) For purposes of this Trust, a Change of Control shall be deemed to have
occurred if after April 1, 1994 (a) any person (as defined in Section 13(c) or
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the
beneficial owner directly or indirectly of twenty percent (20%) or more of the
combined voting power of Company's then outstanding securities or (b)
individuals who, as of April 1, 1994, constitute the Board of Directors of the
Company (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that (i) any individual
who becomes a director of the Company subsequent to April 1, 1994, whose
election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved
by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent
Board shall be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board and (ii) no
individual who was elected initially (after April 1, 1994) as a director as a
result of an

                                       15
<PAGE>
 
actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of
Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or any other actual or threatened solicitations of proxies or consents
by or on behalf of any person other than the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to
have been a member of the Incumbent Board.

     (e) If a Plan participant or beneficiary of a Plan participant is required
to institute a legal proceeding in order to enforce his or her rights under this
Agreement and such Plan participant or beneficiary prevails in such legal
proceeding then the Company shall reimburse such Plan participant or beneficiary
for the reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred in bringing and prosecuting
such legal proceeding.

Section 14.    EFFECTIVE DATE.
               -------------- 

     The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first written above.

                                       16
<PAGE>
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above.

                              "COMPANY"

                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.


                              By: _______________________________________
                              Its:_______________________________________



                              "TRUSTEE"

                              UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK


                              By: _______________________________________
                              Its:_______________________________________

                                       17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.AAA
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>DEF. COMP. PLAN TRUST
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                 EXHIBIT 10(aaa)

                   1994 NME DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN TRUST


                            AS AMENDED JULY 25, 1994



     This Trust Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into this 25th
day of May, 1994, by and between National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the "Company") and United States Trust Company of New York (the
"Trustee") with reference to the following facts:

     A.  Company has adopted the National Medical Enterprises, Inc. Deferred
Compensation Plan (the "Plan"), a copy of the Plan is attached hereto as Exhibit
                                                                         -------
A.
- - 

     B.  Company has incurred or expects to incur liability under the terms of
such Plan with respect to the individuals participating in such Plan.

     C.  Company wishes to establish a trust (hereinafter called "Trust") and to
contribute to the Trust assets that shall be held therein, subject to the claims
of Company's creditors in the event of Company's Insolvency, as herein defined,
until paid to Plan participants and for their beneficiaries in such manner and
at such times as specified in the Plan.

     D.  It is the intention of the parties that this Trust shall constitute an
unfunded arrangement and shall not affect the status of the Plan as an unfunded
plan maintained for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select
group of management or highly compensated employees for purposes of Title I of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").

                                       1
<PAGE>
 
     E.  It is the intention of Company to make contributions to the Trust to
provide itself with a source of funds to assist it in the meeting of its
liabilities under the Plan.

     NOW, THEREFORE, the parties do hereby establish the Trust and agree that
the Trust shall be comprised, held and disposed of as follows:

Section 1.    ESTABLISHMENT OF TRUST.
              ---------------------- 

     (a) Company hereby deposits with Trustee in trust Five Hundred Thousand
shares of the $.075 par value per share common stock of Company, which shall
become the principal of the Trust to be held, administered and disposed of by
Trustee as provided in this Agreement.

     (b) The Trust shall become irrevocable upon approval by the Board of
Directors.  Company shall provide a certified copy of the resolution of the
Board of Directors stipulating that the Trust has been approved by them.

     (c) The Trust is intended to be a grantor trust, of which Company is the
grantor, within the meaning of subpart E, part I, subchapter J, chapter 1,
subtitle A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and shall be
construed accordingly.

     (d) The principal of the Trust, and any earnings thereon shall be held
separate and apart from other funds of Company and shall be used exclusively for
the uses and purposes of participants in the Plan and general creditors as
herein set forth.  Plan participants and their beneficiaries shall have no
preferred

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
claim on, or any beneficial ownership interest in, any assets of the Trust.  Any
rights created under the Plan and this Agreement shall be mere unsecured
contractual rights of Plan participants and their beneficiaries against Company.
Any assets held by the Trust will be subject to the claims of Company's general
creditors under federal and state law in the event of Insolvency, as defined in
Section 3(a) herein.

     (e) Upon a Change of Control, as defined in Section 13(d) herein, and on
the last day of every calendar quarter commencing with the first calendar
quarter beginning after the month in which a Change in Control occurs (a
"Quarter").  Company shall, as soon as possible, but in no event longer than
thirty (30) days following the Change of Control and no longer than ten (10)
days after the end of each Quarter, make an irrevocable contribution to the
Trust in an amount that is sufficient together with all assets held by the Trust
as of such date to pay to each Plan participant or beneficiary, on a pre-tax
basis, the benefits to which Plan participants or their beneficiaries would be
entitled pursuant to the terms of the Plan as of the date on which the Change of
Control occurred, and as of the last day of each Quarter.  Company shall notify
the Trustee immediately following verification that a Change of Control has
occurred.

Section 2.    PAYMENTS TO PLAN PARTICIPANTS AND THEIR BENEFICIARIES.
              ----------------------------------------------------- 

     (a) Company shall deliver to Trustee a schedule (the "Payment Schedule")
that indicates the amounts payable in respect of each Plan participant (and his
or her beneficiaries), that provides a formula or other instructions acceptable
to Trustee for determining the amounts so payable, the form in which such amount
is to be paid (as provided for or available under the Plan), and the time of

                                       3
<PAGE>
 
commencement for payment of such amounts.  Except as otherwise provided herein,
Trustee shall make payments to the Plan participants and their beneficiaries in
accordance with such Payment Schedule.  The Trustee shall not be responsible for
determining the accuracy of the amounts to be paid according to the Payment
Schedule. The Trustee shall make provision for the reporting and withholding of
any federal, state or local taxes pursuant to the terms of the Plan and shall
pay amounts withheld to the appropriate taxing authorities or determine that
such amounts have been reported, withheld and paid by Company.

     (b) The entitlement of a Plan participant or his or her beneficiaries to
benefits under the Plan shall be determined by Company or such party as it shall
designate under the Plan, and any claim for such benefits shall be considered
and reviewed under the procedures set out in the Plan.

     (c) Company may make payment of benefits directly to Plan participants or
their beneficiaries as they become due under the terms of the Plan.  Company
shall notify Trustee of its decision to make payment of benefits directly prior
to the time amounts are payable to participants or their beneficiaries.  In
addition, if the principal of the Trust, and any earnings thereon, are not
sufficient to make payments of benefits in accordance with the terms of the
Plan, Company shall make the balance of each such payment as it falls due.
Trustee shall notify Company where principal and earnings are not sufficient.

                                       4
<PAGE>
 
Section 3.     TRUSTEE RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING PAYMENTS TO TRUST
               --------------------------------------------------     
                    BENEFICIARY WHEN COMPANY IS INSOLVENT.
                    ------------------------------------- 

      (a) Trustee shall cease payment of benefits to Plan participants and their
beneficiaries if the Company is Insolvent.  Company shall be considered
"Insolvent" for purposes of this Trust Agreement if (i) Company is unable to pay
its debts as they become due, or (ii) Company is subject to a pending proceeding
as a debtor under the United States Bankruptcy Code.

      (b) At all times during the continuance of this Trust, as provided in
Section 1(d) hereof, the principal and income of the Trust shall be subject to
claims of general creditors of Company under federal and state law as set forth
below.

          (1) The Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Company
shall have the duty to inform Trustee in writing of Company's Insolvency.  If a
person claiming to be a creditor of Company alleges in writing to Trustee that
Company has become Insolvent, Trustee shall determine whether Company is
Insolvent and, pending such determination, Trustee shall discontinue payment of
benefits to Plan participants or their beneficiaries.

          (2) Unless Trustee has actual knowledge of Company's Insolvency, or
has received notice from Company or a person claiming to be a creditor alleging
that Company is Insolvent, Trustee shall have no duty to inquire whether Company
is Insolvent.  Trustee may in all events rely on such evidence concerning
Company's solvency as may be furnished to Trustee and that provides Trustee with
a reasonable basis for making a determination concerning Company's solvency.

                                       5
<PAGE>
 
         (3) If at any time Trustee has determined that Company is Insolvent,
Trustee shall discontinue payments to Plan participants or their beneficiaries
and shall hold the assets of the Trust for the benefit of Company's general
creditors.  Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way diminish any rights of
Plan participants or their beneficiaries to pursue their rights as general
creditors of Company with respect to benefits due under the Plan or otherwise.

         (4) Trustee shall resume the payment of benefits to Plan participants
or their beneficiaries in accordance with Section 2 of this Agreement only after
Trustee has determined that Company is not Insolvent (or is no longer
Insolvent).

     (c) Provided that there are sufficient assets, if Trustee discontinues the
payment of benefits from the Trust pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof and
subsequently resumes such payments, the first payment following such
discontinuance shall include the aggregate amount of all payments due to Plan
participants or their beneficiaries under the terms of the Plan for the period
of such discontinuance, less the aggregate amount of any payments made to Plan
participants or their beneficiaries by Company in lieu of the payments provided
for hereunder during any such period of discontinuance.


Section 4.     PAYMENTS TO COMPANY.
               ------------------- 

     Except as provided in Section 3 hereof, after the Trust has become
irrevocable, Company shall have no right or power to direct Trustee to return to

                                       6
<PAGE>
 
Company or to divert to others any of the Trust assets before all payment of
benefits have been made to Plan participants and their beneficiaries pursuant to
the terms of the Plan.

Section 5.     INVESTMENT AUTHORITY.
               -------------------- 

     It is the intent of Company that the Trustee shall invest the contributions
to the Trust in shares of common stock of Company.  Trustee may invest in
securities (including stock or right to acquire stock) or obligations issued by
Company.  All rights associated with assets of the Trust shall be exercised by
Trustee, or the person designated by Trustee, and shall in no event be
exercisable by or rest with Plan participants.  Company shall have the right at
any time, and from time to time in its sole discretion, to substitute assets of
equal fair market value for any asset held by the Trust.  This right is
exercisable by Company in a nonfiduciary capacity without the approval or
consent of any person in a fiduciary capacity.  The Trustee shall hold the stock
until such time as the stock must be liquidated to pay Plan participants or
their beneficiaries or until such time as the Trustee determines it to be
clearly imprudent to retain the stock to preserve the principal balance required
to maintain adequate funding for future payments due to Plan participants or
their beneficiaries.

     Company represents and warrants that it has filed and will file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and with all applicable state agencies or
authorities all required registration statements relating to shares of Company
stock and other interests which may be issued under the Plan.  Company
acknowledges that it is and shall be responsible for, and that the Trustee shall

                                       7
<PAGE>
 
not be responsible for, preparing or filing such registration statements or for
the accuracy of statements contained therein, or for preparing or filing any
other reports, statements or filings required under federal or state securities
laws with respect to the Trust's investment in Company stock.

Section 6.     DISPOSITION OF INCOME.
               --------------------- 

     During the term of this Trust, all income received by the Trust, net of
expenses and taxes, shall be accumulated and reinvested.

Section 7.    ACCOUNTING BY TRUSTEE.
              --------------------- 

     Trustee shall keep accurate and detailed records of all investments,
receipts, disbursements, and all other transactions required to be made,
including such specific records as shall be agreed upon in writing between
Company and Trustee. Within sixty (60) days following the close of each calendar
year and within sixty (60) days after the removal or resignation of Trustee,
Trustee shall deliver to Company a written account of its administration of the
Trust during such year or during the period from the close of the last preceding
year to the date of such removal or resignation, setting forth all investments,
receipts, disbursements and other transactions effected by it, including a
description of all securities and investments purchased and sold with the cost
or net proceeds of such purchases or sales (accrued interest paid or receivable
being shown separately), and showing all cash, securities and other property
held in the Trust at the end of such year or as of the date of such removal or
resignation, as the case may be.

                                       8
<PAGE>
 
Section 8.    RESPONSIBILITY OF TRUSTEE.
              ------------------------- 

     (a) Trustee shall act with the care, skill, prudence and diligence under
the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent person acting in like capacity
and familiar with such matters would use in the conduct of an enterprise of a
like character and with like aims provided, however, that Trustee shall incur no
liability to any person for any action taken pursuant to a direction, request or
approval given by Company which is contemplated by, and in conformity with, the
terms of the Plan or this Trust and is given in writing by Company.  In the
event of a dispute between Company and a party, Trustee may apply to a court of
competent jurisdiction to resolve the dispute.

     (b) If Trustee undertakes or defends any litigation arising in connection
with this Trust, Company agrees to indemnify Trustee against Trustee's costs,
expenses and liabilities (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and
expenses) relating thereto and to be primarily liable for such payments.  If
Company does not pay such costs, expenses and liabilities in a reasonably timely
manner, Trustee may obtain payment from the Trust.

     (c) Trustee may consult with legal counsel (who may also be counsel for
Company generally) with respect to any of its duties or obligations hereunder.

     (d) Trustee may hire agents, accountants, actuaries, investment advisors,
financial consultants or other professionals to assist it in performing any of
its duties or obligations hereunder.

                                       9
<PAGE>
 
     (e) Trustee shall have, without exclusion, all powers conferred on trustees
by applicable law, unless expressly provided otherwise herein, provided,
however, that if an insurance policy is held as an asset of the Trust, Trustee
shall have no power to name a beneficiary of the policy other than the Trust, to
assign the policy (as distinct from conversion of the policy to a different
form) other than to a successor Trustee, or to loan to any person the proceeds
of any borrowing against such policy.

     (f) Notwithstanding any powers granted to Trustee pursuant to this
Agreement or to applicable law, Trustee shall not have any power that could give
this Trust the objective of carrying on a business and dividing the gains
therefrom, within the meaning of section 301.7701-2 of the Procedure and
Administrative Regulations promulgated pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code.
 
     (g) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, in the
event of a Change of Control, the Trustee is hereby directed to sell any and all
shares of Company stock, or other stock that is received by the Trustee in
exchange for such Company stock as a result of the Change of Control, which the
Trustee holds as a Trust asset, within thirty (30) days of such Change of
Control.  The Trustee shall invest any and all proceeds that it receives as a
result of such sales that are not immediately needed in order to make
distributions to Plan participants and their beneficiaries in United States
government securities and/or securities of United States government agencies
with average portfolio maturity of two (2) years.  Additionally, if the Trustee
sells any Company stock prior to a Change in Control the proceeds from any such
sale that are not immediately needed in order to make distributions to Plan
participants and their beneficiaries shall also be invested by the Trustee in

                                       10
<PAGE>
 
United States government securities and/or securities of United States
government agencies with average portfolio maturity of two (2) years.

Section 9.     COMPENSATION AND EXPENSES OF TRUSTEE.
               ------------------------------------ 

     Company shall pay all administrative and Trustee's fees and expenses. If
not so paid, the fees and expenses shall be paid from the Trust. In the event of
a Change of Control or any other matter, which in the Trustee's reasonable
discretion requires the Trustee to perform services in addition to the Trustee's
custodial and investment responsibilities under this Agreement, the Trustee
shall be entitled to an addition fee as provided in this Section 9. The Trustee
shall be compensated at its normal hourly rates for all reasonable additional
services and for the reasonable fees and expenses of its counsel or other
experts required to be engaged by the Trustee. Such amounts shall be paid by
Company to the Trustee within thirty (30) days of billing, provided that if
timely payment is not made by the Company, the Trustee may discharge any such
obligation out of the Trust assets, regardless of whether the Trust is fully
funded. In the event of the termination of the Trust or the removal or
resignation of the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold out of the
Trust assets all amounts due to the Trustee pursuant to this Section 9. This
Section 9 shall supersede any conflicting provision of this Agreement or the
Plan.

Section 10.    RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF TRUSTEE.
               ---------------------------------- 

     (a) Trustee may resign at any time by written notice to Company, which
shall be effective ninety (90) days after receipt of such notice unless Company
and Trustee agree otherwise.

                                       11
<PAGE>
 
     (b) Subject to Section 10(c), Trustee may be removed by Company on ninety
(90) days notice or upon shorter notice accepted by Trustee.

     (c) Upon a Change of Control, as defined herein, Trustee may not be removed
by Company for ten (10) years.

     (d) If Trustee resigns or is removed within ten (10) years of a Change of
Control, as defined herein, Trustee shall select a successor Trustee in
accordance with the provisions of Section 11(b) hereof prior to the effective
date of Trustee's resignation or removal.

     (e) Upon resignation or removal of Trustee and appointment of a successor
Trustee, all assets shall subsequently be transferred to the successor Trustee.
The transfer shall be completed within ninety (90) days after receipt of notice
of resignation, removal or transfer, unless Company extends the time limit.

     (f) If Trustee resigns or is removed, a successor shall be appointed, in
accordance with Section 11 hereof, by the effective date of resignation or
removal under paragraphs (a) or (b) of this section.  If no such appointment has
been made, Trustee may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for
appointment of a successor or for instructions.  All expenses of Trustee in
connection with the proceeding shall be allowed as administrative expenses of
the Trust.

Section 11.    APPOINTMENT OF SUCCESSOR.
               ------------------------ 

     (a) If Trustee resigns or is removed in accordance with Section 10(a) or
(b) hereof, Company may appoint any third party, such as a bank trust department

                                       12
<PAGE>
 
or other party that may be granted corporate trustee powers under state law, as
a successor to replace Trustee upon resignation or removal.  The appointment
shall be effective when accepted in writing by the new Trustee, who shall have
all of the rights and powers of the former Trustee, including ownership rights
in the Trust assets.  The former Trustee shall execute any instrument necessary
or reasonably requested by Company or the successor Trustee to evidence the
transfer.

     (b) If Trustee resigns or is removed pursuant to the provisions of Section
10(e) hereof and selects a successor Trustee, Trustee may appoint any third
party such as a bank trust department or other party that may be granted
corporate trustee powers under state law.  The appointment of a successor
Trustee shall be effective when accepted in writing by the new Trustee.  The new
Trustee shall have all the rights and powers of the former Trustee, including
ownership rights in Trust assets.  The former Trustee shall execute any
instrument necessary or reasonably requested by the successor Trustee to
evidence the transfer.

     (c) The successor Trustee need not examine the records and acts of any
prior Trustee and may retain or dispose of existing Trust assets, subject to
Sections 7 and 8 hereof.  The successor Trustee shall not be responsible for and
Company shall indemnify and defend the successor Trustee from any claim or
liability resulting from any action or inaction of any prior Trustee or from any
other past event, or any condition existing at the time it becomes successor
Trustee.

                                       13
<PAGE>
 
Section 12.    AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION.
               ------------------------ 

     (a) This Agreement may be amended by a written instrument executed by
Trustee and Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such amendment shall
conflict with the terms of the Plan or shall make the Trust revocable after it
has become irrevocable in accordance with Section l(b) hereof.

     (b) The Trust shall not terminate until the date on which Plan participants
and their beneficiaries are no longer entitled to benefits pursuant to the terms
of the Plan unless sooner revoked in accordance with Section 1(b) hereof.  Upon
termination of the Trust any assets remaining in the Trust shall be returned to
Company.

     (c) Upon written approval of all participants or beneficiaries entitled to
payment of benefits pursuant to the terms of the Plan, Company may terminate
this Trust prior to the time all benefit payments under the Plan have been made.
Company shall provide verification to the Trustee that all Plan participants or
beneficiaries entitled to benefits under the Plan have in fact approved the
termination of the Trust.  All assets in the Trust at termination shall be
returned to Company.

     (d) Sections 1(e), 4, 5, 8(g), 10(c), 10(d), 12(d) and 13(d) of this
Agreement may not be amended by Company for ten (10) years following a Change in
Control, as defined herein.

                                       14
<PAGE>
 
Section 13.    MISCELLANEOUS.
               ------------- 

     (a) Any provision of this Agreement prohibited by law shall be ineffective
to the extent of any such prohibition, without invalidating the remaining
provisions hereof.

     (b) Benefits payable to Plan participants and their beneficiaries under
this Agreement may not be anticipated, assigned (either at law or in equity),
alienated, pledged, encumbered or subjected to attachment, garnishment, levy,
execution or other legal or equitable process.

     (c) This Trust Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent pre-empted by
ERISA.

     (d) For purposes of this Trust, a Change of Control shall be deemed to have
occurred if after April 1, 1994 (a) any person (as defined in Section 13(c) or
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the
beneficial owner directly or indirectly of twenty percent (20%) or more of the
combined voting power of Company's then outstanding securities or (b)
individuals who, as of April 1, 1994, constitute the Board of Directors of the
Company (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that (i) any individual
who becomes a director of the Company subsequent to April 1, 1994, whose
election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was approved
by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent
Board shall be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board and (ii) no
individual who was elected initially (after April 1, 1994) as a director as a
result of an

                                       15
<PAGE>
 
actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of
Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or any other actual or threatened solicitations of proxies or consents
by or on behalf of any person other than the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to
have been a member of the Incumbent Board.

     (e) If a Plan participant or beneficiary of a Plan participant is required
to institute a legal proceeding in order to enforce his or her rights under this
Agreement and such Plan participant or beneficiary prevails in such legal
proceeding then the Company shall reimburse such Plan participant or beneficiary
for the reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred in bringing and prosecuting
such legal proceeding.

Section 14.    EFFECTIVE DATE.
               -------------- 

     The effective date of this Agreement shall be the date first written above.

                                       16
<PAGE>
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the
date first written above.

                              "COMPANY"

                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.



                              By: _______________________________________
                              Its:_______________________________________



                              "TRUSTEE"

                              UNITED STATES TRUST COMPANY OF NEW YORK



                              By: _______________________________________
                              Its:_______________________________________

                                       17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.EE
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(ee)

                              ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
                               (FIRST FACILITIES)



                                     ******



                       NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.


                                   As Seller



                                      AND



                          CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION



                                    As Buyer



                             Dated:  March 29, 1994
<PAGE>
 
                              ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
                               (FIRST FACILITIES)

                               Table of Contents

          PREAMBLE................................................    1


                                  ARTICLE 1.......................    2

                                  DEFINITIONS

          Section 1.1  Certain Defined Terms......................    2
          Section 1.2  Index of Other Defined Terms...............    4

                                  ARTICLE 2.......................    8
                              BASIC TRANSACTIONS

          Section 2.1  Purchased Assets...........................    8
          Section 2.2  Excluded Assets............................   13
          Section 2.3  Assumed Liabilities........................   15
          Section 2.4  Excluded Liabilities.......................   17
          Section 2.5  Purchase Price.............................   20
          Section 2.6  Payment of Purchase Price..................   20
               (a)  Payment of Tentative Purchase Price...........   20
               (b)  Determination of Interim Net Book Values......   21
               (c)  Determination of Final Net Book Values........   22
               (d)  Seller as Agent of Subsidiaries...............   24
          Section 2.7  Allocation of Purchase Price...............   24
          Section 2.8  Contingent Lease Obligations...............   25
          Section 2.9  Remittances and Receivables................   25
               (a)  In General....................................   25
               (b)  Receivables...................................   27
               (c)  Straddle Patient Receivables..................   28
                    (i)   Cut-Off Billings........................   28
                    (ii)  Cut-Off Billings Not Accepted...........   29
               (d)  Cooperation in Collecting Receivables
                    and Excluded Assets...........................   30
               (e)  Non-Assignable Receivables....................   30
               (f)  Collection Fee................................   31

                                      (i)
<PAGE>
 
          Section 2.10  Employee Matters..........................   32
               (a)  Pension Plans.................................   32
               (b)  Retained Employees............................   33
               (c)  Hiring of Retained Employees..................   34
               (d)  Health Benefits...............................   35
               (e)  Acknowledgement of Responsibility.............   35
          Section 2.11  Use of Names..............................   36
          Section 2.12  No Assignment If Breach; Seller's Discharge
                        of Assumed Liabilities....................   38
          Section 2.13  Closings..................................   40
               (a)  The First Closing.............................   40
               (b)  The Second Closing............................   42
               (c)  The Final Closing.............................   42
               (d)  Deliveries by Seller..........................   43
               (e)  Deliveries by Buyer...........................   44
               (f)  Escrow........................................   44
          Section 2.14  Purchase Price Adjustment.................   45
          Section 2.15  Transfer of Assets in Corporate Form......   47
          Section 2.16  Assignment of Rights and Obligations to
                        Buyer Subsidiaries........................   47
          Section 2.17  Data Processing Services..................   49
          Section 2.18  Rejection of Certain Contracts............   50
          Section 2.19  Remaining Schedules.......................   52

                                   ARTICLE 3......................   52
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

          Section 3.1  Organization and Corporate Power............  52
          Section 3.2  Subsidiaries                                  52
          Section 3.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement........  54
          Section 3.4  Absence of Breach...........................  54
          Section 3.5  Private Party Consents......................  55
          Section 3.6  Governmental Consents.......................  55
          Section 3.7  Brokers.....................................  56
          Section 3.8  Title to Property...........................  56
          Section 3.9  Assumed Contracts...........................  57
          Section 3.10 Licenses....................................  58
          Section 3.11 U.S. Person; Resident of Georgia............  58
          Section 3.12 Employee Relations..........................  59
          Section 3.13 Employee Plans..............................  59
 

                                      (ii)
<PAGE>
 
          Section 3.14 Litigation..................................  60
          Section 3.15 Inventory...................................  60
          Section 3.16 Hazardous Substances........................  61
          Section 3.17 Financial Information.......................  62
          Section 3.18 Changes Since Balance Sheet.................  64
          Section 3.19 Transferred Business Names..................  66
          Section 3.20 Compliance with Laws and Accreditation......  66
          Section 3.21 Cost Reports, Third Party Receivables and 
                       Conditions of Participation.................  67
          Section 3.22 Medical Staff...............................  67
          Section 3.23 Hill-Burton Care............................  68
          Section 3.24 Assets Used in the Operation of the       
                       Facilities..................................  68
          Section 3.25 Taxes.......................................  68
          Section 3.26 Lists of Other Data.........................  69
          Section 3.27 Certain Transactions........................  70
 
                                   ARTICLE 4.......................  70
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER
 
          Section 4.1  Organization and Corporate Power............  70
          Section 4.2  Buyer Subsidiaries..........................  70
          Section 4.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement........  71
          Section 4.4  Absence of Breach...........................  72
          Section 4.5  Private Party Consents......................  72
          Section 4.6  Governmental Consents.......................  73
          Section 4.7  Brokers.....................................  73
          Section 4.8  Qualified for Licenses......................  73
          Section 4.9  Financial Ability to Perform................  73
          Section 4.10 No Knowledge of Seller's Breach.............  73
          Section 4.11 No Assurance................................  74
 
                                   ARTICLE 5.......................  74
                            COVENANTS OF EACH PARTY

          Section 5.1  Efforts to Consummate Transactions..........  74
          Section 5.2  Cooperation; Regulatory Filings.............  75
          Section 5.3  Further Assistance..........................  76
          Section 5.4  Cooperation Respecting Proceedings..........  76
 

                                     (iii)
<PAGE>
 
          Section 5.5  Expenses....................................  77
          Section 5.6  Announcements; Confidentiality..............  79
          Section 5.7  Preservation of and Access to Certain 
                       Records.....................................  80
 
                                   ARTICLE 6.......................  82
                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SELLER

          Section 6.1  Conduct Pending Closing.....................  83
          Section 6.2  Access and Information; Environmental Survey;
                       Remediation or Adjustment...................  85
          Section 6.3  Updating....................................  88
          Section 6.4  No Solicitation.............................  88
          Section 6.5  Name Changes................................  89
          Section 6.6  Filing of Cost Reports......................  89
          Section 6.7  Purchase of Supplies........................  89
          Section 6.8  Covenant Not to Compete.....................  90
               (a)  Covenant.......................................  90
               (b)  Exceptions.....................................  91
                    (i)   Psychiatric Facilities and Contracts Not
                          Acquired By Buyer........................  91
                    (ii)  Facilities Outside Geographic Area.......  91
                    (iii) Acute Hospitals..........................  91
                    (iv)  Divestiture of Acquired Psychiatric 
                          Facilities...............................  92
                    (v)   Acquiring Entities.......................  92
               (c)  Acute Hospital Affiliations....................  92
               (d)  Covenant Period................................  94
               (e)  Severability...................................  94
               (f)  Injunctive Relief..............................  94
               (g)  Value..........................................  95
          Section 6.9  Audited Statements..........................  95
          Section 6.10  Post-Closing Insurance.....................  95
          Section 6.11  Use of Controlled Substance Licenses.......  96
          Section 6.12  Non-Disturbance Agreements.................  96

                                      (iv)
<PAGE>
 
                                   ARTICLE 7.......................  97
                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF BUYER
 
          Section 7.1  Waiver of Bulk Sales Law Compliance.........  97
          Section 7.2  Resale Certificate..........................  97
          Section 7.3  Cost Reports and Audit Contests.............  97
          Section 7.4  Tax Matters.................................  98
          Section 7.5  Letters of Credit...........................  98
          Section 7.6  Conduct Pending Closing.....................  99
          Section 7.7  Securities Offerings........................  99
 
                                   ARTICLE 8.......................  99
                         BUYER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
 
          Section 8.1  Performance of Agreement....................  99
          Section 8.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.. 100
          Section 8.3  Officers' Certificate....................... 100
          Section 8.4  Consents.................................... 100
          Section 8.5  Absence of Injunctions...................... 101
          Section 8.6  Opinion of Counsel.......................... 102
          Section 8.7  Title to Real Property...................... 102
          Section 8.8  Receipt of Other Documents.................. 104
          Section 8.9  Licenses and Permits........................ 105
          Section 8.10 Casualty; Condemnation...................... 105
          Section 8.11 Reasonable Assurances....................... 106
          Section 8.12 Certain Events.............................. 106
 
                                   ARTICLE 9....................... 106
                         SELLER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
 
          Section 9.1  Performance of Agreement.................... 107
          Section 9.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.. 107
          Section 9.3  Officers' Certificate....................... 107
          Section 9.4  Consents.................................... 107
          Section 9.5  Absence of Injunctions...................... 108
          Section 9.6  Opinion of Counsel.......................... 109
          Section 9.7  Receipt of Other Documents.................. 109
 
 

                                      (v)
<PAGE>
 
                                  ARTICLE 10....................... 110
                                  TERMINATION
 
          Section 10.1  Termination................................ 110
          Section 10.2  Effect of Termination...................... 111
 
                                  ARTICLE 11....................... 111
                     SURVIVAL AND REMEDIES; INDEMNIFICATION
 
          Section 11.1  Survival................................... 111
          Section 11.2  Exclusive Remedy........................... 112
          Section 11.3  Indemnity by Seller........................ 112
          Section 11.4  Indemnity by Buyer......................... 116
          Section 11.5  Further Qualifications Respecting         
                        Indemnification............................ 117
          Section 11.6  Procedures Respecting Third Party Claims... 118
 
                                  ARTICLE 12....................... 119
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
          Section 12.1  Notices.................................... 119
          Section 12.2  Attorneys' Fees............................ 120
          Section 12.3  Successors and Assigns..................... 120
          Section 12.4  Counterparts............................... 121
          Section 12.5  Captions and Paragraph Headings............ 121
          Section 12.6  Entirety of Agreement; Amendments.......... 121
          Section 12.7  Construction............................... 122
          Section 12.8  Waiver..................................... 122
          Section 12.9  Governing Law.............................. 122
          Section 12.10  Severability.............................. 123
          Section 12.11  Consents Not Unreasonably Withheld........ 123
          Section 12.12  Time Is of the Essence.................... 123

                                      (vi)
<PAGE>
 
                                    EXHIBITS

                    A.   Forms of Bill of Sale and Assignment

                    B.   Form of Assignments with Respect to
                         Real Property Leases

                    C.   Forms of Assumption Agreement

                    D.   Form of Purchasing Contract

                    E.   Remaining Schedules

                    F.   Form of Data Processing Services Contract


                               LIST OF SCHEDULES

               A-1       Subsidiaries and Their
                         Respective States of Incorporation;
                         Ownership of Subsidiary Stock

               A-2       Facilities

               2.1(a)    Real property owned in fee by Subsidiaries

               2.1(b)    Real Property Leases

               2.1(c)    Venture Agreements

               2.1(f)    Other Assigned Contracts

               2.1(h)    Transferred Business Names

               2.1(k)    Prepayments

               2.2(j)    Other Excluded Assets

               2.3(a)    Capitalized Leases and Capitalized Lease
                         Liabilities

                                     (vii)
<PAGE>
 
               2.3(f)    Other Assumed Liabilities

               2.4(i)    Indebtedness

               2.4(j)    Other Excluded Liabilities

               2.7       Allocation Schedule

               2.10(a)   Pension Plans

               2.12(c)   Schedule of Required Consents

               2.13B     Assigned EBITDA

               3.5       Private Party Consents

               3.7       Seller's Brokers

               3.8(a)    Liens

               3.8(b)(i) Other Real Property
               and
               3.8(b)(ii)

               3.9       Assumed Contracts

               3.10      Licenses

               3.12      Certain Employee Relations Matters

               3.14      Litigation

               3.16      Environmental Matters

               3.17(a)   EBITDA Statements

               3.17(b)   Balance Sheet

               3.18      Changes Since Balance Sheet

                                     (viii)
<PAGE>
 
               3.19      Conflicts With Transferred Business Names

               3.20      Compliance With Laws and Accreditations

               3.21      Cost Reports, Third Party Receivables and Conditions of
                         Participation

               3.22      Medical Staff

               3.23      Hill-Burton Care

               3.24      Assets Used in the Operation of the Facilities

               3.26(a)   Depreciation Schedules

               3.26(b)   Insurance

               3.26(c)   Employee Benefit Arrangements

               3.26(d)   Paid Time Off

               3.26(e)   Certain Contracts

               3.26(f)   Certain Indebtedness

               3.26(g)   Certain Financing Arrangements

               3.26(h)   Certain Contracts Related to Liens

               3.27      Certain Transactions

               4.5       Private Party Consents

               4.7       Buyer's Brokers

               4.11      Certain Scheduled Meetings

               6.1       Exceptions to Conduct

               6.7       National Purchasing Contracts

                                      (ix)
<PAGE>
 
               7.5       Letters of Credit

               6.8(c)    Specified Acute Hospitals

               8.7(b)  Disapproved Title Exceptions

                                      (x)
<PAGE>
 
                              ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
                              --------------------
                               (FIRST FACILITIES)

          This ASSET SALE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into
                                          ---------                           
     as of the 29th day of March 1994 by and among  NATIONAL MEDICAL
     ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation ("Seller"), the Subsidiaries (as
                                               ------                        
     defined) and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"),
                                                                        -----   
     with reference to the following facts:

          A.   Through wholly-owned subsidiary corporations listed on the
     Schedule (as defined in Section 1.1) hereto identified as Schedule A-1 (the
                             -----------                       -------- ---     
     "Subsidiaries"), Seller engages in the business of delivering psychiatric
      ------------                                                            
     health care services to the public through the inpatient, outpatient and
     substance abuse recovery facilities, residential treatment centers and
     medical office buildings identified in Schedule A-2 under the following
                                            ------------                    
     facility numbers (such facilities, centers and buildings being herein
     sometimes referred to as the "First Facilities" or simply the
                                   ----------------               
     "Facilities"):
      ----------   
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      NME No./Name                                           City            State
      ------------                                           ----            -----
<C>       <S>                                                <C>             <C>
      1.  Pinewood Hospital                                  Texarkana       AR
      2.  Tucson Psychiatric Institute                       Tucson          AZ
      5.  Mill Creek Hospital                                Visalia         CA
      7.  Canyon Springs Hospital                            Cathedral City  CA
      8.  Oak Creek Hospital                                 San Jose        CA
     12.  Manatee Palms RTC                                  Bradenton       FL
     20.  Kingwood Hospital                                  Michigan City   IN
     21.  Arbor Hospital of Evansville                       Evansville      IN
     22.  Acadian Oaks Hospital                              Lafayette       LA
     23.  New Beginnings at Hidden Brook                     Bel Air         MD
     24.  New Beginnings at Meadows                          Gambrills       MD
     26.  New Beginnings at Waverly                          Waverly         MN
     28.  Highland Hall                                      Asheville       NC
     29.  Nashua Brookside Hospital                          Nashua          NH
     30.  New Beginnings at Lakehurst                        Lakehurst       NJ
     33.  Baywood Hospital                                   Webster         TX
     35.  Tidewater Psychiatric Institute - Norfolk          Norfolk         VA
     36.  New Beginnings at Serenity Lodge                   Chesapeake      VA
     40.  Centennial Peaks Hospital                          Louisville      CO
     44.  New Beginnings at Warwick Manor                    E. New Market   MD
     45.  Potomac Ridge Treatment Center                     Rockville       MD
     46.  New Beginnings at White Oak                        Woolford        MD
     47.  Fairbridge RTC                                     Rockville       MD
     48.  Fair Oaks Hospital                                 Summit          NJ
     49.  New Beginnings at Cove Forge                       Williamsburg    PA
     52.  Springwood Psychiatric Institute                   Leesburg        VA
     53.  Tidwater Psychiatric Institute - Virginia Beach    Virginia Beach  VA
</TABLE> 
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE> 
     <S>                                                     <C>             <C>        
     55.  Linden Oaks Hospital                               Naperville      IL
     69.  NEPA                                               Nashua          NH
     70.  Alvarado Parkway Institute                         La Mesa         CA
</TABLE>

          B.   Buyer desires to purchase from the Subsidiaries, through wholly-
     owned subsidiaries of the Buyer (each, a "Buyer Subsidiary" and
                                               ----------------     
     collectively, the "Buyer Subsidiaries"), and Seller desires to cause the
                        ------------------                                   
     Subsidiaries to sell to the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries, such Facilities
     together with related assets (the "Transactions").
                                        ------------   

          C.   Buyer and Seller are simultaneously with the execution of this
     Agreement entering into a separate asset sale agreement (the "Subsequent
                                                                   ----------
     Facilities Agreement") in respect of the other inpatient, outpatient and
     --------------------                                                    
     substance abuse recovery facilities, residential treatment centers and
     medical office buildings  also identified in Schedule A-2 (the "Subsequent
                                                  ------------       ----------
     Facilities").
     ----------   

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the
     agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
     the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
     hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                  DEFINITIONS

          Section 1.1  Certain Defined Terms.  For purposes of this Agreement,
                       ---------------------                                  
     the following terms shall have the following meanings:

               "Affiliate" of a specified person shall mean any corporation,
     partnership, sole proprietorship or other person or entity which directly
     or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by
     or is under common control with the person specified.  The term "control"
     means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause
     the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity.  The
     term "Affiliate" shall include, without limitation, (i) with respect to
     Seller, each Subsidiary, and (ii) with respect to Buyer, each Buyer
     Subsidiary.

               "Cost Report" means the cost report required to be filed, as of
     the end of a provider cost year or for any other required period, with
     cost-based Payors with respect to cost reimbursement.

                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>
 
               "Environmental Law" shall mean any Law regulating or otherwise
     relating to Hazardous Materials, the environment, natural resources,
     pollution, environmental protection, waste management, industrial hygiene,
     health, or safety.

               "Hazardous Materials" means any chemicals, materials, substances,
     or items in any form, whether solid, liquid, gaseous, semisolid, or any
     combination thereof, whether waste materials, raw materials, chemicals,
     finished products, by-products, or any other materials or articles, which
     are regulated by or form the basis of liability under any Environmental
     Laws, including, without limitation, any hazardous waste, medical waste,
     biohazardous waste, industrial waste, special waste, solid waste, hazardous
     substance, pollutant, hazardous air pollutant, contaminant, asbestos,
     polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs"), petroleum (including, but not limited
     to, petroleum-derived substances, waste or breakdown or decomposition
     products thereof, or any fraction thereof), coal (including, but not
     limited to, coal-derived substances, waste or breakdown or decomposition
     products thereof, or any fraction thereof), natural gas (including, but not
     limited to, natural gas-derived substances, waste or breakdown or
     decomposition products thereof, or any fraction thereof), formaldehyde,
     industrial solvents, flammables, explosives, and radioactive substances.

               "knowledge" of a party shall mean the best of the knowledge of
     any person who serves as of the date of this Agreement as a duly elected
     officer of such party.

               "Laws" shall mean all statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances,
     orders, codes, permits, licenses and agreements with or of federal, state,
     local and foreign governmental and regulatory authorities and any order,
     writ, injunction, settlement agreement or decree issued or approved by any
     court, arbitrator or governmental agency or in connection with any
     judicial, administrative or other non-judicial proceeding (including,
     without limitation, arbitration or reference).

               "Licenses" shall mean certificates of need, accreditations,
     registrations, licenses, permits and other consents or approvals of
     governmental agencies or accreditation organizations.

               "Payor" shall mean Medicare, Medicaid, CHAMPUS and Medically
     Indigent Assistance programs, Blue Cross, Blue Shield or any

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>
 
     other third party payor (including an insurance company and self-insured
     employer), or any health care provider (such as a health maintenance
     organization, preferred provider organization, peer review organization, or
     any other managed care program).

               "Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping,
     emptying, dumping, injection, abandonment, deposit, disposal, discharge,
     dispersal, leaching, or migration of Hazardous Materials (including, but
     not limited to, the abandonment or discarding of Hazardous Materials in
     barrels, drums, or other containers) into or within the  environment,
     including, without limitation, the migration of Hazardous Materials into,
     under, on, through, or in the air, soil, subsurface strata, surface water,
     groundwater, drinking water supply, any sediments associated with any water
     bodies, or any other environmental medium, regardless of where such
     migration originates.

               "Schedule" shall mean a schedule from the master set of schedules
     and attachments developed for this Agreement and the Subsequent Facilities
     Agreement and which is listed in the Table of Contents for this Agreement.
     The parties agree that to the extent information in a schedule from the
     master set of schedules and attachments is listed by a facility name and/or
     by a facility number, such schedule shall, for purposes of this Agreement,
     be deemed to include only the information contained therein that is related
     to the First Facilities, unless this Agreement expressly refers to
     information contained therein that is related to the Subsequent Facilities.

               "Taxes" shall mean (i) all federal, state, county and local
     sales, use, property, recordation and transfer taxes, (ii) all state,
     county and local taxes, levies, fees, assessments or surcharges (however
     designated, including privilege taxes, room or bed taxes and user fees)
     which are based on the gross receipts, net operating revenues or patient
     days of a Facility for a period ending on, before or including the relevant
     Closing Date (as defined in Section 2.13) or a formula taking any one of
                                 ------------                                
     the foregoing into account, and (iii) any interest, penalties and additions
     to tax attributable to any of the foregoing, but shall not include income
     and other taxes described in Sections 2.4(a) and (b).
                                  ---------------     --- 

          Section 1.2  Index of Other Defined Terms.  In addition to those terms
                       ----------------------------                             
     defined above, the following terms shall have the respective meanings given
     thereto in the sections indicated below:

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>
 
                   Defined Term                     Section
                   ------------                     -------
                   Account Parties                  2.9(b)
                   Accrued Operating Assets         2.5(b)
                   Accrued Operating Expenses       2.3(g)
                   Acquired Acute Hospitals         6.8(c)
                   Acquisition Date                 6.8(c)
                   Acute Hospitals                  6.8(b)(iii)
                   Adjustment Sections              2.14
                   Agreement                        Preamble
                   Allocation Schedule              2.7
                   Assumed Contracts                2.3(a)
                   Assumed Guaranties               2.3(a)
                   Assumed Liabilities              2.3
                   Balance Sheet                    3.17(b)
                   Buyer                            Preamble
                   Buyer Subsidiary                 Preamble
                   Charter Documents                3.4
                   Claim Notice                     11.6
                   Closing Date                     2.13
                   COBRA                            2.10(d)
                   Code                             3.11
                   Collection Fee Base              2.9(f)
                   Combined Receivables             3.17(d)
                   Combined Subsidiaries            3.17(a)
                   Competing Business               6.8(a)
                   Consents                         8.5
                   Consultant                       6.2(b)
                   Contingent Contract              2.18
                   Cost Report Settlements          2.2(i)
                   Covenant Period                  6.8(d)
                   Covered Facilities               6.8(b)(ii)
                   Covered Parties                  6.8(a)
                   Deductible Amount                11.3(b)(i)(B)
                   Document Retention Period        5.7(b)
                   EBITDA                           3.17(a)
                   EBITDA Statements                3.17(a)
                   Eligible Receivables             2.9(b)(ii)
                   Employee Benefit Arrangements    3.26(c)
                   Environmental Survey             6.2(b)
                   Equipment                        2.1(d)

                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>
 
                   ERISA                            2.10(a)
                   Escrow Agent                     2.13(f)
                   Estimated Net Book Values        2.6(a)
                   Excess Interim Payments          2.1(l)
                   Excluded Assets                  2.2
                   Excluded Liabilities             2.4
                   Exempted Competing Business      6.8(c)
                   Facilities                       Recitals
                   Final Closing                    2.13
                   Final Closing Date               2.13
                   Final Net Book Values            2.6(c)
                   Financial Schedule               3.17(b)
                   First Closing                    2.13
                   First Facilities                 Recitals
                   Hired Employees                  2.10(c)
                   Hospital Records                 5.7(a)
                   HSR Act                          3.4
                   Indemnitee                       11.5
                   Indemnitor                       11.5(a)
                   Insurance Program                6.10
                   Intercompany Transactions        2.1(f)(y)
                   Interim Net Book Values          2.6(b)
                   Inventory                        2.1(e)
                   JCAHO                            3.20
                   Leased Real Property             2.1(b)
                   Loan Commitment Agreements       2.1(f)
                   Loan Commitment Notes            2.1(f)
                   Losses                           11.3(a)
                   Manuals                          2.11(b)
                   Material Adverse Effect          3.4
                   Multiemployer Plans              2.10(a)
                   Net Book Values                  2.5(b)
                   1993 EBITDA                      2.13(b)
                   Other Assigned Contracts         2.1(f)
                   Original Closing Date            2.14
                   Owned Real Property              2.1(a)
                   Paid Time Off                    2.3(c)
                   Panel                            2.14
                   Patient Records                  5.7(a)
                   Pension Plans                    2.10(a)
                   Permitted Encumbrances           3.8(a)
 

                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>
 
                   Permitted Expansions             6.8(b)(iv)
                   PHIS Employees                   2.10(b)(i)
                   PHIS System                      2.17
                   Prepayments                      2.1(k)
                   Purchase Price                   2.5
                   Real Property Leases             2.1(b)
                   Receivables                      2.1(l)
                   Related Agreements               3.4
                   Reorganization                   6.8(b)(v)
                   Required First Facilities        2.13
                   Retained Employees               2.10(b)(iii)
                   Schedule of Required Consents    2.12(c)
                   Scheduled Closing                2.13
                   Second Closing                   2.13
                   Seller                           Preamble
                   Specified Acute Hospital         6.8(c)
                   Specified Capacity               6.8(a)
                   Straddle Patients                2.9(c)
                   Straddle Patient Payments        2.9(c)(ii)
                   Subject Transferred Assets       2.13
                   Subsequent Facilities            Recitals
                   Subsequent Facilities Agreement  Recitals
                   Subsidiaries                     Recitals
                   TEFRA                            2.9(c)(ii)
                   Tentative Purchase Price         2.6(a)
                   Termination Date                 10.1(b)
                   Third Party Claims               11.5(a)
                   Title Insurer                    8.7
                   Title Policies                   8.7
                   Transactions                     Recitals
                   Transferred Business Names       2.1(h)
                   Transition Period                2.17
                   Trigger Amount                   11.3(b)(i)(B)
                   Unusual Proceedings              3.14
                   Venture Agreements               2.1(c)
                   Ventures                         2.1(c)
                   WARN Act                         2.10(e)
                   Working Capital Adjustment Date  2.6(c)

                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>
 
                                   ARTICLE 2
                               BASIC TRANSACTIONS

          Section 2.1  Purchased Assets.  On the terms and subject to the
                       ----------------                                  
     conditions contained in this Agreement, Buyer shall, or shall cause the
     applicable Buyer Subsidiary to, purchase from each Subsidiary, and Seller
     shall cause each Subsidiary to sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver
     to Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiary, the following assets of each
     such Subsidiary that are used in and necessary for the conduct of the
     operations of the Facilities (the "Transferred Assets"),  but excluding all
                                        ------------------                      
     Excluded Assets as defined in Section 2.2:
                                   ----------- 

               (a)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the real property owned in fee (the "Owned Real Property") that is
                                          -------------------          
     identified in Schedule 2.1(a) on which Facilities are located and all other
                   ---------------                                              
     real property owned in fee by the Subsidiary and used in and necessary for
     the conduct of the operations of the Facilities, together with the
     Facilities, construction work-in-progress, and all other buildings,
     fixtures and improvements thereon, and all rights, privileges, permits and
     easements appurtenant thereto.

               (b)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest, as lessee
     or sublessee, in and to the leasehold estates and the related lease or
     sublease agreements (the "Real Property Leases") respecting land,
                               --------------------                   
     Facilities, buildings, fixtures and real property improvements (whether
     owned or leased) (the "Leased Real Property") identified in Schedule
                            --------------------                 --------
     2.1(b), together with all construction work-in-progress in respect of same
     ------
     and all rights, privileges and easements appurtenant thereto.

               (c)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the joint ventures or partnerships identified in Schedule 2.1(c) hereto
                                                      ---------------       
     (the "Ventures") that relate to partnerships or joint ventures that own or
           --------                                                            
     lease Facilities or other Transferred Assets, together with all of the
     Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to the joint venture or
     partnership agreements, also identified in such Schedule (the "Venture
                                                                    -------
     Agreements"), that govern such partnerships or joint ventures, and, subject
     ----------                                                                 
     to the provisions of Section 7.6, in and to all distributions and
                          -----------                                 
     allocations which the Subsidiary is entitled to receive as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing (as defined in Section 2.13).
                                      ------------  

                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>
 
               (d)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     fixed machinery and equipment, other fixtures and fittings, moveable plant,
     machinery, equipment and furniture, trucks, tractors, trailers and other
     vehicles, tools and other similar items of tangible personal property
     (collectively "Equipment") (i) that are not consumed, disposed of or held
                    ---------                                                 
     for sale or as inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) that are
     used, owned, held or leased by the Subsidiary as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, and (iii) that are used in and necessary for the conduct of the
     operations of the Facilities.

               (e)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     inventories of supplies, drugs, food, janitorial and office supplies,
     maintenance and shop supplies, and other similar items of tangible personal
     property intended to be consumed, disposed of or sold in the ordinary
     course of business (collectively, the "Inventory") that are used, owned or
                                            ---------                          
     held by the Subsidiary as of the relevant Scheduled Closing and that are
     used by the Subsidiary in and necessary for the conduct of the operations
     of the Facilities.

               (f)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     all written contracts and agreements (the "Other Assigned Contracts") to
                                                ------------------------     
     which the Subsidiary is a party at the relevant Scheduled Closing, other
     than the Real Property Leases and the Venture Agreements, (i) that are
     listed on Schedule 2.1(f), (ii) pursuant to which the Subsidiary paid or
               ---------------                                               
     received less than $25,000 during its last fiscal year or pursuant to which
     it expects to pay or receive less than $25,000 during its current fiscal
     year, or (iii) with respect to Other Assigned Contracts not described in
     clauses (i) or (ii) above, for which Buyer has not provided Seller with
             ---    ----                                                    
     written notice of its rejection of such contract or agreement within sixty
     (60) days following the relevant Scheduled Closing, provided that the Other
                                                         -------------          
     Assigned Contracts shall not include any contract or agreement that relates
     to or covers healthcare facilities or operations of Seller other than the
     Facilities that are being sold, assigned, transferred or conveyed at such
     relevant Scheduled Closing except to the extent the portion of such
     contract or agreement related to such Facilities may be assigned together
     with the sale, assignment, transfer or conveyance of such Facilities.
                                                                           
     Schedule 2.1(f) contains a list by Facility of the following categories of
     ---------------                                                           
     Other Assigned Contracts pursuant to which a Subsidiary paid or received
     $25,000 or more during its last fiscal year or expects to pay or receive
     $25,000 or more during its current fiscal year:  construction contracts
     relating to construction work-in-progress at the Facilities; Equipment
     leases (whether operating or 

                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>
 
     capitalized leases) and installment purchase contracts where the annualized
     lease or installment payments exceed $25,000; contracts or arrangements
     binding on a Facility which contain any covenant not to compete or
     otherwise significantly restrict the nature of the business activities in
     which the Facility may engage; provider agreements with Payors other than
     Medicare and Medicaid (as defined in Section 1.1); bridge and other loan
                                          -----------  
     commitment agreements (the "Loan Commitment Agreements") pursuant to 
                                 --------------------------
     which a Subsidiary has agreed to provide advances or income guarantees from
     time to time to lessors or sublessors under the Real Property Leases or to
     healthcare professionals, groups or entities providing services to the
     Facilities, together with promissory notes (the "Loan Commitment Notes")
                                                      ---------------------
     evidencing amounts owed to the Subsidiary as a result of any such advances
     or guarantees; agreements with healthcare professionals; leases as lessor
     or sublessor; and any other contracts in force pursuant to which the
     Subsidiary paid or received over $25,000 during its last fiscal year or
     expects to pay or receive $25,000 or more during its current fiscal year.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Other Assigned Contracts shall not
     include and Schedule 2.1(f) need not contain:
                 ---------------         

                    (w)  Any contract which evidences indebtedness for money
          borrowed or the deferred portion of the purchase price for Owned Real
          Property and is therefore an Excluded Liability under the provisions
          of Section 2.4(i), unless the parties mutually agree, in accordance
             --------------                                                  
          with the provisions of such Section 2.4(i), that such indebtedness
                                      --------------                        
          will be assumed by Buyer, in which case the contract or contracts
          evidencing such indebtedness will be Transferred Assets, provided that
                                                                   -------------
          if the indebtedness evidenced by any such contract is secured by a
          lien on any Transferred Asset, Seller shall cause such lien to be
          released at or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing unless Buyer
          agrees to assume such indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.4(i);
                                                         -------------- 

                    (x)  Any contract respecting an intercompany transaction
          between the Subsidiary, on the one hand, and Seller or an Affiliate
          (as defined in Section 1.1) of Seller, on the other, whether or not
                         -----------                                         
          such transaction relates to the provision of goods and services, tax
          sharing arrangements, payment arrangements, intercompany charges or
          balances, or the like ("Intercompany Transactions"), except that
                                  -------------------------               
          transactions arising in connection with open purchase orders where the
          Seller has acted as an intermediary for a Subsidiary and transactions
          between Seller or an Affiliate of Seller, on the one

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>
 
          hand, and the ventures and partnerships described in Section 2.1(c)
                                                               --------------
          that are not wholly owned by Seller and its Affiliates, on the other
          hand, shall not be regarded as Intercompany Transactions;

                    (y) Employment contracts, if any, between the Subsidiary or
          a Facility and the chief executive or chief financial officer of such
          Facility, whether or not such officer is a Hired Employee (as defined
          in Section 2.10(c)); and
             ---------------      

                    (z)  Collective bargaining agreements in respect of the
          employees of a Facility, unless Buyer elects to assume such agreements
          (it being understood, however, that nothing herein is intended to
          affect Buyer's obligations with respect thereto, if any, under the
          National Labor Relations Act).

               (g)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the right to receive mail and other communications addressed to Seller or
     the Subsidiary insofar as such mail or other communication relates to the
     operation of the Facilities after the relevant Scheduled Closing, or to
     Receivables, Inventory, Prepayments or Accrued Operating Expenses (as
     herein defined).

               (h)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the business names set forth in Schedule 2.1(h) (the "Transferred Business
                                     ---------------       --------------------
     Names").
     -----   

               (i)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     Licenses (as defined in Section 1.1) in favor of the Subsidiary as of the
                             -----------                                      
     relevant Scheduled Closing that are related to, necessary for, or used in
     connection with the operation of the Facilities transferred in such
     Scheduled Closing as presently operated by the Subsidiary, provided that
                                                                -------------
     Licenses in favor of the Subsidiary shall be included in the Transferred
     Assets only to the extent they are lawfully transferable.

               (j)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     unexpired warranties as of the relevant Scheduled Closing that are
     transferable to Buyer which the Subsidiary has received from third parties
     with respect to the Transferred Assets, including, but not limited to, such
     warranties as are set forth in any construction agreement, lease agreement,
     equipment purchase agreement, consulting agreement or agreement for
     architectural and engineering services.

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>
 
               (k)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     advance payments, prepayments, prepaid expenses, deposits and the like (i)
     made by the Subsidiary or Seller on its behalf in the ordinary course of
     business with respect to Subject Transferred Assets (as defined in Section
                                                                        -------
     2.13) prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, (ii) which exist as of such
     ----                                                                      
     Scheduled Closing, (iii) with respect to which Buyer will receive the
     benefit after the relevant Scheduled Closing, and (iv) which Buyer agrees
                                                   ---                        
     to acquire (Buyer hereby agreeing not to withhold such agreement
     unreasonably) (collectively, "Prepayments"), which Prepayments are listed
                                   -----------                                
     by Facility, category and approximate amount as of November 30, 1993 (or a
     later date if mutually agreed upon), in Schedule 2.1(k).
                                             --------------- 

               (l)  Subject to the further provisions of Section 2.9, all of the
                                                         -----------            
     Subsidiary's right, title and interest as of the Closing in and to accounts
     receivable recorded by the Subsidiary as an account receivable from Payors,
     patients and other third parties (whether or not billed) arising from or in
     connection with the operation of the Facilities, together with rights to
     payment for services rendered through the relevant Closing Date to Straddle
     Patients referred to in Section 2.9(c) (collectively, "Receivables"),
                             --------------                 -----------   
     provided that any account receivable that would, under Sections
     --------                                               --------
     2.9(b)(ii)(B) or (C), qualify as an "Eligible Receivable" as of the end of
     --------------------                                                      
     the month ending prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing shall, at the
     option of Buyer, not be a receivable included in the Scheduled Closing and
     shall be an Excluded Asset.  The parties hereby acknowledge that interim
     payments made by a Payor that are in excess of the net carrying value of
     the Receivables with respect to which such interim payments are a credit
     against amounts that would otherwise be due from the Payor ("Excess Interim
                                                                  --------------
     Payments") shall not be regarded as Receivables for any purpose of this
     --------                                                               
     Agreement, because such Excess Interim Payments do not reflect amounts
     which the recipient is entitled to retain for services rendered and such
     Excess Interim Payments are Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities under
     this Agreement.

               (m)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the goodwill of the businesses evidenced by the Transferred Assets, and,
     except for Excluded Assets, any and all other assets of the Subsidiary used
     in and necessary for the conduct of the operations of the Facilities as
     conducted prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, whether or not such
     assets have any value for accounting purposes, provided that with respect
                                                    -------------             
     to NME Hospitals, Inc., NME Properties Corp., NME Psychiatric Properties,
     Inc., NME Specialty Hospitals, Inc. and any subsidiary of NME Specialty
     Hospitals, Inc. (including, without limitation, NME Psychiatric 

                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>
 
     Hospitals, Inc.), only those assets described in Section 2.1(a)-(l) above
                                                      ------------------
     (other than Excluded Assets) shall be included in the Transferred Assets.

          Section 2.2  Excluded Assets.  The following properties and assets
                       ---------------                                      
     (the "Excluded Assets") are not included in Transferred Assets:
           ---------------                                          

               (a)  Except for the Inventory, Receivables, Prepayments and
     current amounts represented by the Loan Commitment Notes, all assets
     constituting working capital, whether cash, cash equivalents, securities,
     or other current assets, and all claims, choses in action, rights of
     recovery, rights of set-off, rights to refunds, and similar rights.

               (b)  Except for the Transferred Business Names, Licenses and
     Other Assigned Contracts included in the Transferred Assets and except for
     manuals relating to equipment and other tangible property included in the
     Transferred Assets, all privileged or proprietary (to Seller or a
     Subsidiary) materials, documents, information, media, methods and processes
     owned by Seller or a Subsidiary, and any and all rights to use same,
     including, but not limited to, all intangible assets of an intellectual
     property nature such as trademarks, service marks and trade names (whether
     or not registered), computer software that is proprietary to Seller or a
     Subsidiary, all procedures and manuals that are proprietary to Seller or a
     Subsidiary, all promotional or marketing materials (including all marketing
     computer software), and any and all names under which the Subsidiaries or
     the Facilities have done business or offered programs, other than the
     Transferred Business Names, and all abbreviations and variations thereof,
     provided, however, that Buyer shall have the rights set forth in Section
     --------  -------                                                -------
     2.11.
     ---- 

               (c)  The rights of Seller or any Subsidiary under any insurance
     policy, if any, included in the Transferred Assets which relate to any
     Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability (as defined in Section 2.4) (it being
                                                         -----------           
     understood, however, that Buyer shall have no obligation to take any action
     under any such policy to seek any recovery except at the reasonable
     request, and at the sole expense, of Seller or a Subsidiary or to continue
     any such policies in force).

               (d)  The rights of Seller or of any Subsidiary to receive mail
     and other communications addressed to any of them with respect to Excluded
     Assets or Excluded Liabilities.

                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>
 
               (e)  Subject to the provisions of Section 5.7, any and all
                                                 -----------             
     business and patient records of or related to the operation of the
     Facilities, whether or not maintained at or by the Facilities.

               (f)  All property, plant, equipment and other assets pertaining
     to the psychiatric healthcare business of Seller or any subsidiary of
     Seller that relate primarily to any general hospital, acute hospital or so-
     called "campus facility" of Seller or any subsidiary of Seller and all
     outpatient facilities and other assets primarily related thereto.

               (g)  Any and all contracts and agreements pursuant to which a
     Subsidiary provides management services to third parties other than a
     Facility, except for such contracts and agreements as are specifically
     listed on Schedule 2.1(f).
               --------------- 

               (h)  Subject to Sections 2.17 and 6.7, any and all rights
                               -------------     ---                    
     respecting computer and data processing hardware or firmware that is
     proprietary to Seller or any Affiliate of Seller, and any computer and data
     processing hardware or firmware, whether or not located at a Facility, that
     is part of a computer system the central processing unit for which is not
     located at a Facility.

               (i)  All of the right, title and interest of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries in assets resulting from any resolution with Payors of amounts
     due with respect to Cost Reports ("Cost Report Settlements") to the extent
                                        -----------------------                
     such Cost Reports cover any period through the relevant Scheduled Closing
     with respect to a Facility and other rights of Seller respecting Cost
     Reports described in Section 6.6, including any assets or liabilities
                          -----------                                     
     resulting from any gain or loss on the sale of the Facilities in connection
     with the Transactions.

               (j)  (i) All amounts due to the Subsidiaries arising from
     Intercompany Transactions, (ii) assets that are the subject of the
     Subsequent Facilities Agreement, and (iii) such other assets, if any,
     specifically described in Schedule 2.2(j) and assets which would be
                               ---------------                          
     Transferred Assets except for the operation of Sections 2.12, 6.2(c), 8.5,
                                                    -------------  ------  --- 
     8.7 or 9.5 or other provisions of this Agreement.
     ---    ---                                       

               (k)  All "800" telephone lines and related Equipment and contract
     rights and all advertising containing any name other than a Transferred
     Business Name.

                                     - 14 -
<PAGE>
 
     Seller shall remove at any time prior to or within thirty (30) days
     following the relevant Closing Date or, with respect to the Hospital
     Records (as defined in Section 5.7(a)), Seller may remove from time to time
                            --------------                                      
     within the relevant Document Retention Period (as defined in Section
                                                                  -------
     5.7(b)) (in each case, at Seller's expense, but without charge by Buyer for
     -------
     storage), any and all of the Excluded Assets from the Facilities, provided
                                                                       --------
     that Seller shall do so in a manner that does not unduly or unnecessarily
     disrupt Buyer's normal business activities at the Facilities.

          Section 2.3  Assumed Liabilities.  Subject to the terms and conditions
                       -------------------                                      
     set forth in this Agreement, Buyer shall assume and pay, discharge and
     perform as and when due only the following obligations and liabilities of
                             ----                                             
     Seller and the Subsidiaries and no others (the "Assumed Liabilities"), as
                                                     -------------------      
     such obligations and liabilities may exist at the time they are assumed by
     Buyer in accordance with the terms hereof:

               (a)  All liabilities and obligations of the Subsidiaries which
     pertain to or are to be performed during the period following the relevant
     Closing Date, and which arise under any contract, license, permit,
     agreement, arrangement, understanding or undertaking included in the
     Transferred Assets, including the Real Property Leases, the Venture
     Agreements, the Other Assigned Contracts and the Licenses, and any
     obligation or liability (the "Assumed Guarantees") of Seller or any
                                   ------------------                   
     Affiliate of Seller (including letters of credit and performance bonds)
     which is in the nature of a guaranty of the foregoing (together, the
                                                                         
     "Assumed Contracts"), including without limitation, the capitalized lease
     ------------------                                                       
     liabilities and obligations of the Facilities listed on Schedule 2.3(a).
                                                             --------------- 

               (b)  Without affecting the provisions of Sections 2.1(k), 2.6(a),
                                                        ---------------  ------ 
     2.6(b) or 2.6(c), all liabilities and obligations under open purchase
     ------    ------                                                     
     orders at a Facility included in the Subject Transferred Assets that were
     entered into by Seller or a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business
     with respect to operation of such Facility on or prior to the relevant
     Closing Date and which provide for the delivery of goods or services
     subsequent to the relevant Closing Date.

               (c)  All obligations and liabilities to any Hired Employee for
     paid time off that is vested and with respect to which the Hired Employee
     would be entitled to payment upon termination of his or her employment with
     Seller or an Affiliate of Seller (including, for all purposes of this
     Agreement, "old paid days leave," "paid time off," sick leave and vacation

                                     - 15 -
<PAGE>
 
     pay to the extent that they are vested rights that are subject to payment
     upon termination of employment; collectively, "Paid Time Off") through the
                                                    -------------              
     relevant Closing Date in accordance with the employment policies of Seller
     and its Affiliates as they exist on the date of this Agreement; provided
                                                                     --------
     that if Seller satisfies any portion of such obligations and liabilities
     existing at the relevant Scheduled Closing by payment to a Hired Employee,
     then such payment shall be treated as a reduction of Accrued Operating
     Expenses (as defined in Section 2.3(g)).
                             --------------  

               (d)  Without limiting Seller's representations and warranties
     contained in Article 3 or Buyer's rights under Article 11 for a breach
                  ---------                         ----------             
     thereof, all liabilities and obligations respecting any changes or
     improvements needed to the Facilities for them to be in material compliance
     following the relevant Scheduled Closing with respect to such Facilities
     with safety, building, fire, land use, access (including without limitation
     the Americans With Disabilities Act) or similar Laws (as defined in Section
                                                                         -------
     1.1) respecting the physical condition of the Facilities.
     ---                                                      

               (e)  All liabilities and obligations respecting employee matters
     assumed by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.10.
                                                    ------------ 

               (f)  Any liability or obligation which becomes an Assumed
     Liability by operation of Section 2.4(i) and such other liabilities and
                               --------------                               
     obligations pertaining to the Facilities, if any, specifically described in
                                                                                
     Schedule 2.3(f).
     --------------- 

               (g)  Any accrued and unpaid liabilities (whether or not due) of
     the Subsidiaries in existence on the relevant Scheduled Closing Date which
     relate to the Facilities, which were incurred in the ordinary course of the
     operation of the Facilities and which represent (i) trade payables incurred
     to suppliers of goods or services; (ii) water, gas, electricity and other
     utility charges; (iii) license fees; (iv) rent, common area maintenance
     charges, operating expenses and other charges arising under the Real
     Property Leases; (v) insurance premiums (but only with respect to policies
     that will be continued in force by Buyer after the relevant Scheduled
     Closing); (vi) salaries and other payroll costs respecting Hired Employees
     accrued in accordance with the normal accounting practices of Seller and
     the Subsidiaries (but not including bonuses or other incentive compensation
     or accrued benefits with respect to benefit plans that are not assumed by
     Buyer); (vii) Taxes, except for Taxes referred to in Section 5.5 relating
                                                          -----------         
     to expenses of the Transactions and payroll taxes respecting employees who

                                     - 16 -
<PAGE>
 
     are not Hired Employees; and (viii) similar liabilities incurred in the
     ordinary course of the operation of the Facilities and customarily recorded
     as a current liability, other than the current portion of long-term
     liabilities and obligations (the liabilities referred to in this Section
                                                                      -------
     2.3(g), together with the liabilities and obligations for Paid Time Off
     ------                                                                 
     assumed under Section 2.3(c), being herein referred to as "Accrued
                   --------------                               -------
     Operating Expenses").
     ------------------   

          Section 2.4  Excluded Liabilities.  The parties agree that liabilities
                       --------------------                                     
     and obligations of Seller and the Subsidiaries not expressly described in
                                                                              
     Section 2.3 as Assumed Liabilities are not part of the Assumed Liabilities,
     -----------                                                                
     and Buyer shall not assume or become obligated with respect to any other
     obligation or liability of Seller or any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of
     either of any nature whatsoever (whether express or implied, fixed or
     contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, accrued, due or
     to become due) (collectively, "Excluded Liabilities"), including, but not
                                    --------------------                      
     limited to, the liabilities and obligations described in this Section, all
     of which shall remain the sole responsibility of Seller or the pertinent
     Subsidiary or Affiliate, as the case may be.  Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall not assume and shall have no
     liability or obligation of any kind for or with respect to any of the
     following liabilities or obligations:

               (a)  Subject to Section 5.5 respecting certain expenses incurred
                               -----------                                     
     in connection with the Transactions, any of Seller's or any of the
     Subsidiaries' (or their respective Affiliates') liabilities or obligations
     (including, but not limited to, any liabilities or obligations under any
     tax sharing agreements) with respect to franchise taxes and with respect to
     foreign, federal, state or local taxes imposed upon or measured, in whole
     or in part, by the income for any period of Seller and/or such Subsidiaries
     or any member of a combined or consolidated group of companies of which
     Seller and/or such Subsidiaries are, or were at any time, a part, or with
     respect to interest, penalties or additions to any of such taxes, and any
     income, franchise, tax recapture, transfer tax, sales tax or use tax that
     may arise upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and be due or payable by Seller or any Subsidiary, it being
     understood that Buyer shall not be deemed to be Seller's or any
     Subsidiary's transferee with respect to any such tax liability.

               (b)  Any of Seller's or any of its Subsidiaries' or Affiliates'
     liabilities or obligations with respect to the recapture of foreign,
     federal, state or local tax deductions or credits taken by Seller or such
     Subsidiary 

                                     - 17 -
<PAGE>
 
     imposed upon, or any taxable gain recognized by, Seller or such
     Subsidiary on account of the Transactions contemplated hereby.

               (c)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller, its Affiliates or a
     Subsidiary arising from the breach by Seller or such Subsidiary on or prior
     to the relevant Closing Date of any term, covenant, or provision of any of
     the Assumed Contracts.

               (d)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller, a Subsidiary or
     Seller's Affiliates now existing or which may hereafter exist by reason of
     any violation or alleged violation of Law or Laws by Seller or any of its
     Affiliates or by a Subsidiary, or by an employee or independent contractor
     of any of the foregoing where any of the foregoing is or is alleged to be
     responsible for the acts or omissions of any such person, occurring on or
     prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing Date.

               (e)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller or a Subsidiary now
     existing or which may hereafter exist by reason of any liability to refund
     any payment or reimbursement received by Seller or a Subsidiary from any
     Payor which is attributable to any period of time ending on or prior to the
     relevant Closing Date respecting such Facilities for which such payment or
     reimbursement was received.

               (f)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller or a Subsidiary under
     any Assumed Contract which would be included in the Transferred Assets but
     for the provisions of Section 2.12, unless Buyer is provided with the
                           ------------                                   
     benefits thereunder as contemplated in Section 2.12.
                                            ------------ 

               (g)  Liabilities of Seller and the Subsidiaries arising from or
     in connection with litigation described in Section 3.14, including, but not
                                                ------------                    
     limited to, the Unusual Proceedings described therein, and any and all
     liabilities or obligations of Seller and the Subsidiaries for claims for
     personal injury (including sickness, trauma, disease, pain and suffering,
     loss of future earnings, punitive damages and the like), property damage,
     and other damage and injury in existence (i.e., all elements of the claim
                                               ----                           
     are complete) at or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, whether or not
     any claim has been made or litigation has been instituted with respect
     thereto and whether or not any claim is covered partially or fully by
     insurance.

               (h)  Subject to Section 2.12, liabilities of Seller and the
                               ------------                               
     Subsidiaries incurred in connection with their obtaining any consent,

                                     - 18 -
<PAGE>
 
     authorization or approval necessary for them to sell, convey, assign,
     transfer or deliver any Transferred Asset to Buyer hereunder.

               (i)  Any liability of Seller or a Subsidiary representing
     indebtedness for money borrowed or the deferred portion of the purchase
     price for any Owned Real Property or Equipment (and any refinancing
     thereof), including without limitation the indebtedness identified on
                                                                          
     Schedule 2.4(i); provided that if, prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing,
     ---------------  --------                                                  
     the parties mutually agree that any such indebtedness or obligation will be
     assumed by Buyer and further agree upon an equitable reduction in the cash
     portion of the Purchase Price (as defined in Section 2.5) to reflect
                                                  -----------            
     Buyer's assumption of such indebtedness or obligation, then any such
     indebtedness or obligation will be deemed to constitute an Assumed
     Liability for all purposes of this Agreement; and provided further that
                                                       -------- -------     
     with respect to any such indebtedness or obligation not so assumed by Buyer
     that constitutes a lien or encumbrance upon any Transferred Asset, Seller
     agrees that on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing it will either
     pay or discharge such indebtedness or liability in full or otherwise cause
     such lien or encumbrance to be removed from such Transferred Asset, so that
     such Transferred Asset is sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred and
     delivered to Buyer at such Scheduled Closing free and clear of such lien or
     encumbrance.

               (j)  Such other liabilities and obligations, if any, specifically
     described in Schedule 2.4(j) and liabilities which would be Assumed
                  ---------------                                       
     Liabilities but for the provisions of Sections 2.12, 8.5, 8.7 or 9.5.
                                           -------------  ---  ---    --- 

               (k)  Amounts due from the Subsidiaries arising from Intercompany
     Transactions.

               (l)  Liabilities and obligations respecting Cost Report
     Settlements to the extent such Cost Reports cover any period through the
     relevant Closing Date and other obligations of Seller respecting Cost
     Reports described in Section 6.6.
                          ----------- 

               (m)  Subject to Section 2.10(f), liabilities and obligations for
                               ---------------                                 
     bonuses, other incentive compensation and benefits under benefit plans to
     the extent not specifically included in Accrued Operating Expenses.

          Section 2.5  Purchase Price.  The purchase price (the "Purchase
                       --------------                            --------
     Price") in the aggregate for all of the Transferred Assets shall be equal
     to the sum of (a) Ninety-One Million Four Hundred Sixty-Eight Thousand

                                     - 19 -
<PAGE>
 
     Dollars ($91,468,000), subject to such adjustments, if any, as may occur
     pursuant to Sections 2.12, 2.14, 6.2(c), 8.5, 8.7, or 9.5 or other
                          ----  ----  ------  ---  ---     ---         
     provisions of this Agreement, including the book value as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing of capitalized lease liabilities assumed and the value of
     any assumption of debt pursuant to Section 2.4(i), plus (b) an amount equal
                                        --------------  ----                    
     to the net book values as of the relevant Scheduled Closing of the Loan
     Commitment Notes, Inventory, Receivables and Prepayments (collectively,
                                                                            
     "Accrued Operating Assets") included in the Transferred Assets less Accrued
     -------------------------                                      ----        
     Operating Expenses, plus (c) an amount (determined on the basis of the
     Venture's balance sheet) equal to the net book value as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing of (i) the sum of each Venture's current assets and
     distributions payable to partners or venturers, less (ii) the sum of each
                                                     ----                     
     such Venture's current liabilities, indebtedness for money borrowed and
     capitalized lease liabilities, pro-rated in each case to the equity
     percentage in such Venture held by Seller and the Subsidiaries (the amounts
     in clauses (b) and (c) being referred to as the ("Net Book Values").  In
                ---     ---                            ---------------       
     addition, at the First Closing, Buyer shall pay to Seller the sum of Two
     Million Dollars ($2,000,000) for the covenant not to compete described in
                                                                              
     Section 6.8.  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or in a Schedule
     -----------                                                              
     hereto that might be construed to the contrary, Net Book Values will not be
     reduced by Seller's retained liability for Excess Interim Payments made by
     a Payor prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing that are in excess of the
     net carrying value of the Receivables transferred at such Scheduled Closing
     with respect to which such interim payments are a credit against amounts
     that would otherwise be due from the Payor.

          Section 2.6  Payment of Purchase Price.  That portion of the Purchase
                       -------------------------                               
     Price due and payable for the Transferred Assets actually sold, assigned,
     transferred and conveyed to Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries
     hereunder shall be paid as follows:

               (a)  Payment of Tentative Purchase Price.  No less than five (5)
                    -----------------------------------                        
     business days prior to each Scheduled Closing, Seller shall deliver to
     Buyer a certificate executed on the Seller's behalf by a responsible
     officer setting forth the Seller's estimate of what the Net Book Values
     will be as of such Scheduled Closing for the Subject Transferred Assets (as
     defined in Section 2.13) (the "Estimated Net Book Values"), and
                ------------        ------------------------- 
     additionally setting forth (i) the Net Book Values for the Subject
     Transferred Assets recorded by Seller as of the most recent month-end prior
     to the delivery of such certificate for which data is available, and (ii)
     the methodology used by Seller for updating changes in Net Book Values
     since such month-end data

                                     - 20 -
<PAGE>
 
     to arrive at such estimate. All determinations made with respect to the Net
     Book Values shall be based upon the internal records of, and the valuation
     methods customarily used by, Seller and the Subsidiaries, absent error, and
     consistent with generally accepted accounting principles with respect to
     the recording and accruing of the types of assets and liabilities included
     in Net Book Values. On the terms and subject to the conditions contained in
     this Agreement, at each Scheduled Closing Buyer shall pay to Seller, in the
     manner set forth herein, an amount equal to (iii) the portion of the
     Purchase Price arising under Section 2.5(a) (including any debt assumptions
                                  --------------                                
     pursuant to Section 2.4(i)) due at such Scheduled Closing as calculated on
                 --------------                                                
     the basis of the values assigned to the pertinent Subject Transferred
     Assets in the Allocation Schedule (as defined in Section 2.7) plus (iv) an
                                                      -----------  ----        
     amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Estimated Net Book Values
     related to the Subject Transferred Assets,(the sum of clauses (iii) and
                                                                   -----    
     (iv) being referred to as the "Tentative Purchase Price"), less (v) the
     ----                           ------------------------    ----        
     book value of any capitalized leases assumed at such Scheduled Closing,
                                                                            
     less (vi) the value of any debt assumed pursuant to Section 2.4(i) at such
     ----                                                --------------        
     Scheduled Closing.

               (b)  Determination of Interim Net Book Values.   As soon as
                    ----------------------------------------              
     practicable, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after each
     Scheduled Closing, Seller shall cause a schedule to be prepared and
     delivered to Buyer showing an interim calculation of the Net Book Values
     with respect to the Subject Transferred Assets (the "Interim Net Book
                                                          ----------------
     Values") as of the relevant Closing Date derived by Seller from the
     ------                                                             
     internal books and records of Seller and the Subsidiaries and otherwise in
     accordance with the second sentence of Section 2.6(a) with respect to the
                                            --------------                    
     Facilities included in such Subject Transferred Assets, as well as from a
     physical inventory, taken after the date hereof and prior to or as of such
     relevant Closing Date, of property which would constitute Inventory if the
     relevant Scheduled Closing had occurred on the date of such physical
     inventory. If such schedule as submitted by Seller is not challenged in
     writing by Buyer within thirty (30) days of its receipt of same, then it
     shall be deemed accepted by Buyer. If it is so challenged, then, unless
     otherwise resolved by agreement of the parties within thirty (30) days from
     the date of Buyer's challenge or such later date as the parties may
     mutually agree upon, such disagreement shall be mutually submitted by the
     parties to their respective independent certified public accountants for
     resolution. If such accountants cannot resolve the disagreement within
     thirty (30) days of such submission, then they shall submit the matter to a
     third accounting firm of national standing selected by them, whose
     determination shall be final and binding, and shall be rendered

                                     - 21 -
<PAGE>
 
     within thirty (30) days of the date on which the matter is submitted to
     such firm. Any such third accounting firm shall determine the issues in
     dispute following such procedures, consistent with the language of this
     Agreement, as it deems appropriate to the circumstances and with reference
     to the amounts in issue. No particular procedures are intended to be
     imposed upon such third accounting firm, it being the desire of the parties
     that any such dispute shall be resolved as expeditiously and inexpensively
     as reasonably practicable. In the event that the Interim Net Book Values
     differ from the Estimated Net Book Values, whether determined on the basis
     of the schedule prepared by Seller, or agreement of the parties, or
     decision by independent public accountants, as the case may be, then and in
     such event, within five (5) business days following such determination of
     the Interim Net Book Values, either Buyer shall pay to Seller, or Seller
     shall pay to Buyer, as the case may be, in immediately available funds, the
     amount by which the Interim Net Book Values differs from the Estimated Net
     Book Values. The pendency of a dispute shall not affect the payment
     obligation hereunder of either Buyer or Seller to the extent such payment
     is not disputed.

               (c)  Determination of Final Net Book Values.  Within ten (10)
                    --------------------------------------                  
     business days following expiration of six (6) months from each Scheduled
     Closing, Buyer shall provide a certificate to Seller, executed on Buyer's
     behalf by a responsible officer, setting forth a proposed calculation of
     final Net Book Values with respect to the Subject Transferred Assets (the
                                                                              
     "Final Net Book Values") as of the end of such six (6) month period (a
     ----------------------                                                
     "Working Capital Adjustment Date") which shall contain a reconciliation as
     --------------------------------                                          
     of the relevant Closing Date of the Interim Net Book Values, adjusted only
     for (i) errors claimed by Buyer to exist in Seller's accruals for Accrued
     Operating Assets and Accrued Operating Expenses and the Ventures'
     calculations of partners' equity, partners' distributions payable and the
     net book value of Venture fixed assets, (ii) Buyer's ability to collect
     Receivables and the Ventures' ability to collect their accounts receivable 
     in existence as of the relevant Closing Date, on or before the Working
     Capital Adjustment Date, in excess of the carrying value therefor as of the
     relevant Closing Date net of reserves, and by Buyer's or a Venture's
     receipt of Excess Interim Payments, (iii) Buyer's inability to collect
     Receivables and the Ventures' inability to collect their accounts
     receivable in existence as of the relevant Closing Date, on or before the
     Working Capital Adjustment Date, in accordance with their net carrying
     values as of the relevant Closing Date, and (iv) Buyer's ability to pay
     Accrued Operating Expenses and the Ventures' ability to pay similar
     expenses of the Venture at less than their

                                     - 22 -
<PAGE>
 
     book value as of the relevant Closing Date or Buyer's or the Ventures'
     payment of the same at more than their book value as of the relevant
     Closing Date to the extent legally required to do so. For purposes of any
     such calculation, (v) the accuracy of Seller's or the Ventures' accrual for
     real and personal property taxes shall be based upon the last notice of tax
     assessment respecting such property prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing
     that does not reflect the Transactions contemplated to occur at the
     relevant Scheduled Closing, (vi) variable or undetermined charges arising
     under Real Property Leases shall be accrued as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing on an historical basis, (vii) payments received on account of
     Receivables shall be applied in accordance with Sections 2.9(b) and (c),
                                                     ---------------     ---
     and (viii) expenses for such items as real and personal property taxes,
     utility charges, charges arising under leases, insurance premiums and the
     like shall be pro-rated as of the relevant Scheduled Closing. In the event
     that Buyer elects to reassign to Seller any Loan Commitment Notes on or
     prior to the relevant Working Capital Adjustment Date, then the Final Net
     Book Values shall be deemed to be further reduced by an amount equal to the
     uncollected portion thereof, in which case Buyer shall execute such
     documents of re-assignment as are reasonably satisfactory to Seller and
     such Loan Commitment Notes as are reassigned shall thereafter to be deemed
     to be Excluded Assets. Any dispute concerning Buyer's calculation of the
     Final Net Book Values that is unresolved for thirty (30) days shall be
     submitted for resolution by the parties' independent certified public
     accountants in accordance with the procedures contained in Section 2.6(b).
                                                                --------------
     Within five (5) business days following determination of the Final Net Book
     Values for a Scheduled Closing, either Buyer shall pay to Seller, or Seller
     shall pay to Buyer, as the case may be, in immediately available funds, the
     amount by which the Final Net Book Values differ from the Estimated Net
     Book Values, as adjusted for payments, if any, on account of the Interim
     Net Book Values. The pendency of a dispute shall not affect the payment
     obligation hereunder of either Buyer or Seller to the extent such payment
     is not disputed.

               (d)  Seller as Agent of Subsidiaries.  Seller shall, at or prior
                    -------------------------------                            
     to the relevant Scheduled Closing, cause each Subsidiary transferring
     Subject Transferred Assets thereat to irrevocably designate (with an
     original copy being provided to Buyer) Seller as its agent to receive on
     its behalf delivery of that portion of all payments made by Buyer hereunder
     to which such Subsidiary may be entitled as a result of its participation
     in such Scheduled Closing, including without limitation that portion of the
     Purchase Price attributable to the Subject Transferred Assets sold to Buyer
     by it, and to acknowledge that delivery of such payments, including the
     Purchase 

                                     - 23 -
<PAGE>
 
     Price, to Seller in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be
     conclusive and binding evidence against such Subsidiary that any payments
     or consideration due to such Subsidiary in respect of the Subject
     Transferred Assets sold to Buyer by it, or in respect of other payments due
     to it from Buyer under the terms of this Agreement, have been delivered.

          Section 2.7  Allocation of Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price shall
                       ----------------------------                           
     be allocated to the Transferred Assets on a Facility by Facility basis in
     accordance with Schedule 2.7 (the "Allocation Schedule"), except that the
                     ------------       -------------------                   
     portion of the Purchase Price attributable to the Net Book Values shall be
     allocated in accordance with the amounts actually paid therefor in
     accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.5(b) and (c).  Notwithstanding
                                       ---------------     ---                  
     the foregoing, at least five (5) days prior to the First Closing (as
     defined in Section 2.13), Buyer and Seller shall in good faith agree upon
                ------------                                                  
     reasonable modifications to the Allocation Schedule set forth in Schedule
                                                                      --------
     2.7 to reduce the aggregate amounts allocated therein to the First
     ---                                                               
     Facilities by the sum of Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000), and such
     modified Allocation Schedule shall thereafter be the Allocation Schedule
     for all purposes of this Agreement.  Seller and Buyer shall, and Seller
     shall cause the Subsidiaries to, allocate the Purchase Price in accordance
     with the Allocation Schedule and allocate the Net Book Values portion
     thereof in accordance with the amounts paid therefor, to be bound by such
     allocations for all purposes, to account for and report the purchases and
     sales contemplated hereby for all purposes (including, without limitation,
     financial, accounting, Medicare reimbursement and federal and state tax
     purposes) in accordance with such allocations, and not to take any position
     (whether in financial statements, Cost Reports, tax returns, Cost Report or
     tax audits, or otherwise), including without limitation any claim to an
     adjustment in the basis of such assets by Buyer or its successors and
     assigns for Medicare purposes which is inconsistent with such allocations
     without the prior written consent of the other party, except to the extent,
     if any, required by applicable Law or generally accepted accounting
     principles.

          Section 2.8  Contingent Lease Obligations.  With respect to each Real
                       ----------------------------                            
     Property Lease for which Seller or a Subsidiary remains or will remain
     contingently liable after the relevant Scheduled Closing as lessee,
     sublessee, guarantor or assignor, Buyer hereby agrees to exercise its best
     efforts:

               (a) To cause the contingent liability of Seller or such
     Subsidiary, as the case may be, to be removed on or prior to any extension,

                                     - 24 -
<PAGE>
 
     renewal or modification of such Real Property Lease by Buyer or a Buyer
     Subsidiary;

               (b) To procure for Seller and the applicable Subsidiaries a
     security interest, in form reasonably satisfactory to Seller, in all of the
     right, title and interest of Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries in
     such Real Property Lease, junior only to the security interest of Buyer's
     most senior secured lenders, in order to secure the due and punctual
     performance by Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries of the Assumed
     Liabilities represented by such Real Property Lease; and

               (c) To procure for Seller and the applicable Subsidiaries the
     right to acquire such right, title and interest in such Real Property
     Lease, at fair market value, in the event that Buyer and the applicable
     Buyer Subsidiaries fail to pay, perform and discharge when due the Assumed
     Liabilities represented by such Real Property Lease and such failure
     results in Seller or any Subsidiary being required to pay, perform or
     discharge any of such Assumed Liabilities.

          Section 2.9  Remittances and Receivables.
                       --------------------------- 

               (a)  In General.
                    ---------- 

               (i) All remittances, mail and other communications relating to
     the Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities received by Buyer or a Buyer
     Subsidiary at any time after a relevant Scheduled Closing shall be promptly
     turned over by Buyer to the addressee thereof, or if the addressee is no
     longer affiliated with Seller, to Seller, and pending such delivery, Buyer
     shall have no interest in the same and shall hold such remittances, mail
     and other communications in trust for the benefit of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries. All remittances, mail and other communications relating to
     the Transferred Assets or the Assumed Liabilities received by Seller or any
     Subsidiary at any time after the relevant Scheduled Closing at which such
     Transferred Assets are transferred and such Assumed Liabilities are assumed
     by Buyer shall be promptly turned over by Seller or such Subsidiary to the
     addressee thereof, or if the addressee is no longer affiliated with Buyer,
     to Buyer, and pending such delivery, Seller or such Subsidiary shall have
     no interest in the same and shall hold such remittances, mail and other
     communications in trust for the benefit of Buyer.

                                     - 25 -
<PAGE>
 
               (ii) With regard to the Medicare, Medicaid and CHAMPUS programs,
     and any Blue Cross program that requires a Cost Report or retains the right
     of offset, Buyer and Seller mutually covenant and agree as follows.  Seller
     acknowledges that, from time to time, Buyer or Buyer Subsidiaries, after a
     relevant Scheduled Closing, may receive a demand for payment in connection
     with overpayments or alleged overpayments from one or more of such
     programs, or both, which demand relates to the operation of a Facility
     prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing at which such Facility was included
     in the Subject Transferred Assets.  Buyer shall provide notice to Seller of
     such demand within ten (10) days of Buyer's receipt of same.  Seller
     covenants and agrees with Buyer that Seller shall, within thirty (30) days
     of its receipt of written notice from Buyer of such request for any such
     payment, which notice shall state the basis thereof in reasonable detail,
     pay in cash to Buyer an amount equal to any and all such overpayments
     claimed or (by an election made in writing, within twenty (20) days after
     receiving notice of any such demand) diligently pursue a contest of such
     claim of overpayment and indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from any
     liability resulting therefrom, but the right to contest without first
     paying shall not be available to Seller if the programs collect the alleged
     overpayment by means of a setoff against Buyer, unless Seller first
     reimburses Buyer in an amount equal to the amount so setoff, provided that
                                                                  --------     
     in all events Buyer shall provide notice to Seller of such demand within
     ten (10) days of Buyer's receipt of same.  Subject to the foregoing, if any
     such program, with or without notice, collects an alleged overpayment or
     other amount allegedly owed by Seller or a Subsidiary by offset against
     Buyer or Buyer Subsidiary, Seller shall promptly pay to Buyer an amount
     equal to such offset amount provided that Buyer shall have provided Seller
                                 --------                                      
     with any notice related to such offset within ten (10) days of Buyer's
     receipt of same, or, if no such notice was received by Buyer, Buyer shall
     have provided notice to Seller of such offset within ten (10) days of
     Buyer's obtaining notice of such offset being taken. Nothing in this
     Section 2.9(a)(ii) shall limit Buyer's obligations under Section 7.3.
     ------------------                                       ----------- 

               (b)  Receivables.
                    ----------- 

                    (i) Buyer shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to
          collect Receivables.  Any payments received by Buyer or its successors
          and assigns after a Scheduled Closing Date, from patients, Payors,
          clients, customers or others who are the obligors on Receivables
          transferred as of such Scheduled Closing Date (collectively, "Account
                                                                        -------
          Parties"), shall be applied to the oldest remaining 
          -------                                                        

                                     - 26 -
<PAGE>
 
          Receivables transferred as of such Scheduled Closing Date from such
          Account Party in the order in which they arose unless, in the case of
          an Account Party who is a patient, otherwise indicated by the
          patient's Payor.

                    (ii) On the tenth day of the first month that begins at
          least thirty (30) days after a Scheduled Closing, on the tenth day of
          each month thereafter until the Working Capital Adjustment Date with
          respect to such Scheduled Closing, and on the tenth day following such
          Working Capital Adjustment Date, Buyer shall execute appropriate
          instruments of assignment to re-assign back to Seller, and shall turn
          over to Seller all evidences of and documents pertaining to, any
          Receivable which, as of the end of the immediately preceding month
          and/or such Working Capital Adjustment Date, as the case may be, was
          uncollected and which either (A) is a Receivable in respect of a non-
          Medicare patient as to which Buyer has decided to cease collection
          activity, or (B) is a Receivable in respect of a non-Medicare patient
          which, as of such month end or such Working Capital Adjustment Date,
          has remained unpaid for a period of at least one hundred eighty (180)
          days following the date of such patient's discharge from a Facility,
          (C) is a Receivable in respect of a Medicare patient which relates to
          amounts that represent such patient's deductible or co-insurance
          obligations, and which, as of such month end or Working Capital
          Adjustment Date, has remained unpaid for a period of at least one
          hundred eighty (180) days following the date after which the patient
          is first billed, or (D) is a Receivable from Medicare in respect of
          a Medicare patient for which payment has been denied by Medicare
          provided that Buyer has filed a request for reconsideration within the
          --------                                                              
          period required.  Such Receivables which are eligible to be turned
          over to Seller are herein referred to as "Eligible Receivables."  Any
                                                    --------------------       
          Eligible Receivable that is assigned back to Seller within thirty (30)
          days following the first opportunity to do so under the provisions of
          this clause (ii) shall, for purposes of the adjustments contemplated
               -----------                                                    
          by Section 2.6(c), be deemed to have not been collected by Buyer, and
             --------------                                                    
          any Eligible Receivable that is not so assigned back to Seller within
          thirty (30) days following the first opportunity to do so under the
          provisions of this clause (ii) shall, for purposes of the adjustments
                             -----------                                       
          contemplated by Section 2.6(c), be deemed to have been collected by
                          --------------                                     
          Buyer.  With respect to any such Eligible Receivable re-assigned back
          to Seller, Seller and the Subsidiaries shall be free to institute such
          collection 

                                     - 27 -
<PAGE>
 
          efforts, including, without limitation, initiating such legal
          proceedings, with respect thereto as they shall, in their sole
          discretion determine.

                    (iii) In the event of any adjustment in the Net Book Values
          arising under Section 2.6(c)(iii), then upon such determination, Buyer
                        -------------------                                     
          shall execute instruments of assignment, effective as of the relevant
          Working Capital Adjustment Date, respecting any unpaid Receivables
          which are not collected or deemed collected as of such date (it being
          agreed that any unpaid Receivables not so assigned shall be deemed
          collected as of or prior to such Working Capital Adjustment Date).

               (c)  Straddle Patient Receivables.  To compensate Seller and the
                    ----------------------------                               
     Subsidiaries for services rendered and medicine, drugs and supplies
     provided through a Scheduled Closing Date with respect to patients
                                                                       
     ("Straddle Patients") who were admitted to a Facility on or before the date
       -----------------                                                        
     of the Scheduled Closing in which such Facility was transferred and were
     discharged by the Facility after such Scheduled Closing Date, the following
     shall apply:

                    (i)  Cut-Off Billings.  Seller shall, or shall cause the
                         ----------------                                   
          Subsidiaries to, prepare cut-off billings for all Straddle Patients as
          of the close of business on the relevant Closing Date.  All payments
          (other than Excess Interim Payments) which are received by Buyer (or
          its successors in interest or assigns) after the relevant Closing Date
          with respect to Straddle Patients and which relate to such cut-off
          billings shall constitute Receivables for purposes of calculating the
          Tentative Purchase Price and the Interim Net Book Values for such
          Scheduled Closing.

                    (ii)  Cut-Off Billings Not Accepted.  If the Payor of any
                          -----------------------------                      
          Straddle Patient cannot or does not for any reason accept cut-off
          billings, then Buyer shall notify Seller of same, and Seller shall, or
          shall cause the Subsidiaries to, deliver to Buyer a statement
          calculating the total charges made by Seller and the Subsidiaries for
          services rendered and medicine, drugs and supplies provided through
          the relevant Closing Date with respect to such Straddle Patient.
          Within ten (10) days following the discharge of each such Straddle
          Patient, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a statement reflecting the
          total charges for the services rendered and medicine, drugs and
          supplies 

                                     - 28 -
<PAGE>
 
          billed to such Straddle Patient after the relevant Closing Date and
          the patient receivable (the "Straddle Patient Payments") of Buyer with
                                       -------------------------     
          respect to such Straddle Patient (including any cost per discharge
          limit imposed by the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982,
          as amended ("TEFRA") and all deductibles and co-insurance payments).
                       -----                                       
          For purposes of calculating the Final Net Book Values for any
          Scheduled Closing, the pro rata share of the Straddle Patient Payments
          which shall be treated as a Receivable shall be equal to the amount
          obtained by multiplying the Straddle Patient Payments by a fraction,
          the numerator of which is the total charges of Seller and the
          Subsidiaries with respect to such Straddle Patient through the
          relevant Closing Date and the denominator of which is the total
          charges of Buyer, Seller and the Subsidiaries with respect to such
          Straddle Patient. Seller or Buyer, as may be applicable, may have such
          statements as submitted by Buyer or Seller verified by their
          respective independent public accountants within thirty (30) days from
          delivery. If such statements, as submitted by Buyer or Seller, are
          acceptable, then such statements shall fix the value of the services,
          medicine, drugs and supplies provided by Seller and the Subsidiaries,
          on the one hand, and by Buyer, on the other, to each such Straddle
          Patient. If any such statement is challenged by Seller or Buyer, then
          unless otherwise resolved by agreement of the parties within thirty
          (30) days of any such challenge, such statement shall be deemed in
          dispute, which dispute shall be resolved by the parties' independent
          certified public accountants. If such accountants cannot resolve the
          matter within thirty (30) days, then it shall be submitted by them to
          a third accounting firm in accordance with the procedures contained in
          Section 2.6(b). If Seller or Buyer does not give written notice to the
          --------------
          party preparing the statement of its challenge of such statement
          within the first said thirty (30) day period, the receiving party
          shall be deemed to have accepted the same.

               (d)  Cooperation in Collecting Receivables and Excluded Assets.
                    ---------------------------------------------------------  
     Buyer agrees to cooperate with Seller and the Subsidiaries and to provide
     access to records (both medical and financial) to assist in the collection,
     rebilling and auditing (by Seller or its representatives, including its
     independent public accountants) of the Receivables and the Excluded Assets
     (including, but not limited to, any and all Receivables from Account
     Parties or amounts due to or from any Payor).  Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing agreements of Buyer to cooperate with Seller,
     until six (6) months after the relevant Closing Date, (i) Seller may locate

                                     - 29 -
<PAGE>
 
     one or more of its or its subsidiaries' employees at any or all of the
     Facilities transferred at such Closing Date, without charge, in order to
     facilitate such collection, rebilling and auditing, (ii) Buyer shall
     provide such employees, without charge, adequate and proper space to
     facilitate the performance of such duties, and (iii) Buyer shall provide
     reasonable assistance of the employees of Buyer, without charge.

               (e)  Non-Assignable Receivables.  Notwithstanding anything in
                    --------------------------                              
     this Agreement that might be construed to the contrary, this Agreement
     shall not constitute an agreement to assign any Receivable (including any
     Receivable respecting a Straddle Patient) the assignment of which is either
     prohibited by Law or by the terms of any contract with a Payor.  However,
     without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Net Book Value of
     such non-assignable Receivables shall be included in the Net Book Values
     for all purposes of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Sections
                                                                        --------
     2.5 through 2.7 and this Section 2.9, as modified by the provisions of this
     ---         ---          -----------                                       
     Section 2.9(e).  That portion of the Purchase Price which, but for the
     --------------                                                        
     provisions of this Section 2.9(e), would otherwise be attributable to the
                        --------------                                        
     Net Book Value of such non-assignable Receivables shall be deemed to be a
     loan from Buyer to Seller and to the pertinent Subsidiary that will be
     repaid from the proceeds of such Receivables collected and held by Buyer
     and from the adjustments to Estimated Net Book Values contemplated by
                                                                          
     Sections 2.6, 2.9(b), and 2.9(c).  All procedures and requirements
     ------------  ------      ------                                  
     specified herein (including, without limitation, Buyer's obligations under
                                                                               
     Section 2.9(b)) for the collection of Receivables (including any
     --------------                                                  
     Receivables in respect of a Straddle Patient) shall be fully applicable to
     such non-assignable Receivables, except that (i) Buyer shall be deemed to
     collect and hold the proceeds of such non-assignable Receivables as agent
     for the Seller and the Subsidiaries and shall apply such proceeds to the
     repayment of such loan, and (ii) any provision herein that would otherwise
     require or provide for Buyer's "reassignment" of a Receivable (including an
     Eligible Receivable) that is non-assignable to Buyer in the first instance
     shall be construed to require or provide that Buyer, as agent for Seller
     and the Subsidiaries, return pertinent documentation respecting such
     Receivable to Seller and the Subsidiaries to permit collection of such
     Receivable by them (in accordance with such collection efforts and
     procedures as they, in their sole discretion, shall determine).

               (f)  Collection Fee.
                    -------------- 

                                     - 30 -
<PAGE>
 
                    (i)  Buyer shall be entitled to a collection fee equal to
          fifteen percent (15%) of the sum of the following amounts (the
          "Collection Fee Base"):
          --------------------   

                         (A)  Cash collected, or deemed, under the provisions of
               this Agreement, to be collected by Buyer after a relevant
               Scheduled Closing in respect of (1) Receivables included in the
               Net Book Values that are acquired by Buyer at such Scheduled
               Closing, excluding Receivables that Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary
               assigns or entrusts at or after such Scheduled Closing to an
               Affiliate of Seller for purposes of collection and (2) Excess
               Interim Payments; and

                         (B)  Cash remitted to a Facility after the relevant
               Scheduled Closing by any collection agency (excluding an
               Affiliate of Seller) with respect to accounts receivable that
               were assigned to such agency prior to such Scheduled Closing and
               that would be Receivables but for the provisions of paragraph 6
               of Schedule 2.2(j), provided that for purposes of calculating the
                  ---------------  -------------                                
               collection fee, such cash remitted shall be deemed to be net of
               any collection agency discounts, fees and charges.

          Five (5) days prior to each Scheduled Closing, Buyer and Seller shall
          in good faith agree to an estimate of Excess Interim Payments for each
          Facility included in such Scheduled Closing. Absent manifest error,
          such estimates shall be binding on Buyer and Seller. Fifteen percent
          (15%) of the total of such estimates for all Facilities included in
          each Scheduled Closing (the "Credit Amount") shall be credited against
          amounts due from Seller to Buyer as provided in Section 2.9(f)(ii).

                    (ii)  On the tenth day of the first month that begins at
          least sixty (60) days after a Scheduled Closing, on the tenth day of
          every other month thereafter until the Working Capital Adjustment
          Date, and on the tenth day following the Working Capital Adjustment
          Date, Buyer shall submit a report to Seller as of the nearest month-
          end specifying in reasonable detail its calculation of the Collection
          Fee Base for the period covered by such report.  Within five (5)
          business days following receipt of each such report, Seller shall pay
          to Buyer, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, 

                                      -31-
<PAGE>
 
          the collection fee due with respect to the Collection Fee Base covered
          by such report less the amount of any Credit Amount not previously
          used to offset amounts due under this provision. Any Receivable for
          which a collection fee is so paid shall, to the extent of such
          Receivable on which such a fee is paid, no longer qualify as an
          Eligible Receivable.

          Section 2.10  Employee Matters.
                        ---------------- 

               (a)  Pension Plans.  Schedule 2.10(a) lists all "employee pension
                    -------------   ----------------                            
     benefit plans" ("Pension Plans") within the meaning of Section 3(2) of the
                      -------------                                            
     Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") in
                                                                   -----     
     which Retained Employees (as defined in Subsection (b) below) directly
                                             --------------                
     employed to work at the Facilities participate.  Seller shall, or shall
     cause the Subsidiaries to, (i) terminate as of the relevant Closing Date
     the active participation of all such employees in the Pension Plans who
     constitute Hired Employees, (ii) cause the Pension Plans to make timely
     appropriate distributions following the relevant Closing Date, to the
     extent required, to such employees in accordance with, and to the extent
     permitted by, the terms and conditions of such Pension Plans, and (iii) in
     connection with the termination of the active participation of all such
     employees in such Pension Plans, comply, and cause each Pension Plan to
     comply, with all applicable Laws. Prior to the relevant Closing Date,
     Seller shall have delivered to Buyer, for information purposes only, forms
     of any letters or other written communications which Seller or the
     Subsidiaries shall distribute generally to such employees notifying them of
     their rights in respect of their cessation of active participation in the
     Pension Plans. There are no "multiemployer plans" within the meaning of
     Section 3(37) of ERISA ("Multiemployer Plans") in which Retained Employees
                              -------------------  
     directly employed to work at the Facilities participate.

               (b)  Retained Employees.
                    ------------------ 

                    (i)  Buyer shall have the right to offer to hire at each
          Scheduled Closing each of the direct employees of Seller or an
          Affiliate of Seller, who is not a Facility's chief executive or chief
          financial officer and who, as of such Scheduled Closing, works at the
          Facilities (including any such direct employees who are on medical
          disability or leaves of absence and who worked at the Facilities
          immediately prior to such disability or leave) included in the Subject
          Transferred Assets, and shall additionally have the right to 

                                      -32-
<PAGE>
 
          offer to hire at the First Closing up to five (5) employees of Seller
          selected by Buyer who are primarily employed at Seller's Fairfax,
          Virginia regional office in connection with Seller's PHIS System
          described in Section 2.17 (whether direct or indirect employees with
                       ------------ 
          respect to the PHIS System, the "PHIS Employees"), provided that Buyer
                                           --------------    --------  
          may not offer to hire those employees covered by this clause (i), if
                                                                       --- 
          any, who are designated by Seller at least five (5) days prior to the
          relevant Scheduled Closing and provided further that Buyer shall
                                         ----------------
          extend offers of employment to a sufficient number of employees at
          each Facility so as to avoid any liability on the part of Seller and
          the Subsidiaries under the WARN Act (as defined in Section 2.10(e))
                                                             ---------------
          with respect to the Transactions contemplated hereby. Seller will
          advise Buyer of the number of employees terminated at each Facility
          during the ninety (90) day period preceding the relevant Scheduled
          Closing.

                    (ii) Buyer shall additionally have the right to offer to
          hire at each Scheduled Closing such other employees of Seller and its
          Affiliates who are mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller and who
          are either (A) indirect employees with respect to the operation of the
          Facilities included in the Subject Transferred Assets, or (B) a chief
          executive or chief financial officer of a Facility included in the
          Subject Transferred Assets, provided that in the event that Buyer
                                      --------                             
          wishes to hire a chief executive or chief financial officer and Seller
          does not agree to such hiring, Seller shall not employ such chief
          executive or chief financial officer in such capacity at a healthcare
          facility operated or managed by Seller or its subsidiaries for a
          period of at least one (1) year following such Scheduled Closing.

                    (iii)  All such direct and indirect employees to whom Buyer
          has the right to make offers of employment pursuant to clauses (i) or
                                                                         ---   
          (ii) above are herein referred to as the "Retained Employees."
          ----                                      ------------------  

                    (iv)  Any such offer of employment to a Retained Employee by
          Buyer shall be to perform comparable services, in such position and
          for such compensation as is comparable to the position such Retained
          Employee held with, and the compensation paid to such Retained
          Employee by, Seller or any of its subsidiaries as of the Scheduled
          Closing.  Seller or its Affiliates shall have the right (but not the
          obligation) to employ or offer to employ any Retained 

                                      -33-
<PAGE>
 
          Employee (including, but not limited to, the chief executive officer
          and the chief financial officer of each Facility without regard to the
          provisions of Section 2.10(b)(ii)(B)) who declines Buyer's offer of
                        ----------------------                               
          employment.

               (c)  Hiring of Retained Employees.  Buyer shall hire at each
                    ----------------------------                           
     Scheduled Closing each Retained Employee who elects to accept employment
     with Buyer (the "Hired Employees") and shall continue to employ each such
                      ---------------                                         
     Hired Employee for a period of no less than ninety (90) days following the
     relevant Closing Date, unless the employment of such Hired Employee is
     terminated for cause or as a result of the Hired Employee's resignation.
     Subject to the proviso to Section 2.3(c), Buyer agrees to give the Hired
                               --------------                                
     Employees full credit for the Paid Time Off earned or accrued by them
     during, and to which they are entitled as a result of, their employment by
     Seller and/or its subsidiaries, by allowing such Hired Employees such Paid
     Time Off as to which such Hired Employees would have been entitled as of
     the relevant Closing Date under the policies of Seller and/or its
     subsidiaries if such Hired Employees had remained employees of Seller
     and/or its subsidiaries and, upon termination of employment, by making full
     payment to such Hired Employees of the Paid Time Off that such employees
     would have received had they taken such Paid Time Off.

               (d)  Health Benefits.  Buyer shall provide the Hired Employees a
                    ---------------                                            
     program of health care benefits which is comparable in the aggregate to the
     program of health care benefits currently provided by Seller or its
     pertinent Subsidiaries, as the case may be, provided, however, that such
                                                 --------  -------           
     health care benefits shall be immediately available to the Hired Employees
     as of the relevant Closing Date, and the Hired Employees shall become as of
     the relevant Closing Date participants thereunder, without regard to any
     applicable waiting period or any limitation with respect to preexisting
     conditions except insofar as such waiting period or limitation gives full
     credit to such Hired Employees for the period of time during which he or
     she was employed by Seller and its Affiliates and, provided further, that
                                                        ----------------      
     Buyer may make modifications or changes in such health care benefits at any
     time following a Scheduled Closing.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that,
     with respect to the Hired Employees, Buyer is a successor employer for
     purposes of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
     amended ("COBRA"), that the Hired Employees will not, as a result, be
               -----                                                      
     deemed to have had a termination of employment for purposes of COBRA and
     that any COBRA notices or coverages required to 

                                      -34-
<PAGE>
 
     be given or made available to any Hired Employee shall be given or made by
     Buyer and not Seller or the Subsidiaries, provided that Buyer does not
                                               --------   
     assume, and shall not be deemed to have assumed, any COBRA obligations
     which Seller or any Subsidiary may have to former employees of Seller or
     such Subsidiary whose employment was terminated on or prior to the relevant
     Closing Date, or to any Retained Employees who do not accept employment
     with Buyer, and provided further that Seller shall be responsible for any
                     --------        
     COBRA coverages required to be made available to any Hired Employee who is
     entitled to COBRA coverage under existing plans of Seller or any Subsidiary
     as a result of the Transactions.

               (e)  Acknowledgement of Responsibility.  Buyer acknowledges and
                    ---------------------------------                         
     agrees that as of the date and time a Scheduled Closing is effective, Buyer
     shall be considered for purposes of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
     Notification Act (the "WARN Act") the employer of the Retained Employees
                            --------                                         
     related to the Transferred Assets transferred at such Scheduled Closing and
     that Buyer (and not Seller or the Subsidiaries) shall thereupon be
     responsible for complying with the WARN Act with respect to such Retained
     Employees and that prior to such time none of such Retained Employees shall
     be, nor shall they be deemed to be, terminated.  Buyer shall indemnify and
     hold Seller and its Affiliates harmless, in accordance with Sections 11.4,
                                                                 ------------- 
     11.5 and 11.6, from and against all Losses (i) resulting from any
     ----     ----                                                    
     compliance obligation (including, without limitation, the obligation to
     give notice or pay money) that Seller and its Affiliates or Buyer has under
     the WARN Act arising from the termination of any Retained Employee or (ii)
     resulting from any claims of the Hired Employees (including, without
     limitation, claims for health care coverage or benefits); provided,
                                                               --------  
     however, Buyer shall neither be responsible for, nor indemnify Seller and
     -------                                                  
     its Affiliates for the consequences of any WARN event which may be caused
     by the actions of Seller or its Affiliates with respect to employees whom
     Seller and its Affiliates retain pursuant to rights set forth in Section
                                                                      -------
     2.10(b) above.
     -------       

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2.10 shall, or shall
                                                    ------------                
     be deemed to, create any rights in favor of any person not  a party hereto
     or to constitute an employment agreement or condition of employment for any
     employee of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller or any Retained Employee.

          Section 2.11  Use of Names.
                        ------------ 

                                      -35-
<PAGE>
 
               (a) Although trade names of Seller and the Subsidiaries, other
     than the Transferred Business Names, are Excluded Assets, such names appear
     on certain of the fixed Transferred Assets, such as certain fixtures and
     Equipment, and on supplies, materials, stationery and similar consumable
     items which will be on hand at the Facilities at a Scheduled Closing with
     respect to such Facilities.  Notwithstanding that such names are Excluded
     Assets, Buyer shall be entitled to use such consumable items for a period
     of three (3) months following the Scheduled Closing in which such items are
     transferred and shall have up to six (6) months following such Scheduled
     Closing to remove such names from fixed Transferred Assets, provided that
                                                                 --------     
     Buyer shall not send correspondence or other materials to third parties on
     any stationery that contains a trade name (other than a Transferred
     Business Name) of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller.

               (b)  Seller hereby grants to Buyer, for the period from the
     relevant Closing Date through the expiration of the ninetieth day
     thereafter, the non-exclusive right and license to use, solely in
     connection with the operation of the Facilities transferred on such Closing
     Date, the clinical policy and procedures manuals of Seller and/or the
     Subsidiaries (the "Manuals") presently used at such Facilities.  Such
                        -------                                           
     license shall be on the following terms and conditions:

                    (i)  Buyer shall accept the Manuals in their present
          condition, "AS IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS" and without any
          representation or warranty of any kind whatsoever, either express or
          implied, by Seller, including, but not limited to, any representation
          or warranty that the Manuals are adequate for Buyer's operation of the
          relevant Facilities after the relevant Scheduled Closing or are in
          compliance with any Laws;

                   (ii)  Buyer agrees that Seller shall have no obligation
          whatsoever to update or otherwise revise the Manuals, even if Seller
          or its Affiliates are revising similar manuals at other healthcare
          facilities, and that Buyer shall have sole responsibility for updating
          and revising such manuals;

                  (iii)  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the Manuals are
          confidential and proprietary information of Seller and its Affiliates
          and Buyer agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, reproduce,
          distribute or disclose the contents of the Manuals except as may be
          required in the operation of such Facilities (including, but 

                                      -36-
<PAGE>
 
          not limited to, as may be required by any Laws) and shall exercise due
          care to otherwise preserve and protect the proprietary nature thereof,
          provided that Seller and the Subsidiaries acknowledge that the Manuals
          --------                                                              
          used by Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries more likely than not contain
          information that is substantially similar to information contained in
          the Manuals;

                    (iv)  Upon the termination of Buyer's use of the Manuals
          pursuant to this Section, Buyer shall return to Seller all originals
          and copies of the Manuals; and

                     (v)  Buyer shall implement its own policy and procedure
          manuals promptly following the relevant Closing Date, and in any event
          by the date on which the license hereby granted to Buyer terminates.

               (c)  Notwithstanding the assignment to Buyer of the Transferred
     Business Names, Seller and its Affiliates and their assignees shall have
     the nonexclusive right to use such Transferred Business Names, consistent
     with past practices, in connection with the operation of previously and
     currently operated healthcare facilities of Seller and its Affiliates not
     included in the Transferred Assets, and Buyer, on behalf of itself and each
     Buyer Subsidiary, hereby grants Seller and its Affiliates and their
     assignees a fully paid-up, perpetual right and license to use such
     Transferred Business Names in such manner in connection with the operation
     of such facilities, such license to be effective as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing in which such Transferred Business Names are assigned to
     Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries.

 
          Section 2.12  No Assignment If Breach; Seller's Discharge of Assumed
                        ------------------------------------------------------
     Liabilities.
     ----------- 

               (a)  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
     contrary, this Agreement shall not constitute an agreement to assign any
     Transferred Asset, or assume any Assumed Liability, if the attempted
     assignment or assumption of the same, as a result of the absence of the
     consent or authorization of a third party or failure of a right of first
     refusal notice period to expire, would constitute a breach or default under
     any lease, agreement, encumbrance or commitment, would violate any Law or
     would in any way adversely affect the rights, or increase the obligations,

                                      -37-
<PAGE>
 
     of Buyer, Seller or any Subsidiary with respect thereto; provided that the
                                                              --------         
     assignment of any contract, including without limitation Medicare, Medicaid
     and similar provider agreements, which may lawfully be made subject to
     customary conditions subsequent (such as needs surveys, evaluations of
     Buyer or other determinations by the counterparties to such agreements)
     shall be deemed not to constitute a default under, or to in any way
     adversely affect the rights or increase the obligations of Buyer with
     respect to, such lease, agreement, encumbrance or commitment, whether or
     not such condition or conditions subsequent are met on or prior to the
     relevant Scheduled Closing.  Except as provided in Section 2.12(c), if any
                                                        ---------------        
     such consent or authorization is not obtained, or if an attempted
     assignment or assumption would be ineffective or would adversely affect the
     rights or increase the obligations of Seller, a Subsidiary or Buyer, with
     respect to any such lease, agreement, encumbrance or commitment, so that
     Buyer would not, in fact, receive all such rights, or assume the
     obligations, of Seller or Subsidiary with respect thereto as they exist
     prior to such attempted assignment or assumption, then Seller and Buyer
     shall, and Seller shall cause each Subsidiary to, enter into such
     reasonable cooperative arrangements as may be reasonably acceptable to both
     Buyer and Seller (including without limitation, sublease, agency,
     management, indemnity or payment arrangements and enforcement at the cost
     and for the benefit of Buyer of any and all rights of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries against an involved third party) to provide for or impose upon
     Buyer the benefits of such Transferred Asset or the obligations of such
     Assumed Liability, as the case may be, and any transfer or assignment to
     Buyer by Seller or a Subsidiary of any such Transferred Asset, or any
     assumption by Buyer of any such Assumed Liability, which shall require such
     consent or authorization of a third party that is not obtained shall be
     made subject to such consent or authorization being obtained. Except as
     provided in Section 2.12(c), if the parties cannot agree on any such
                 ---------------     
     arrangement, or any such arrangement would not be reasonably practicable,
     to provide Buyer with materially all the benefits of such Transferred Asset
     or materially all the obligations of such Assumed Liability, then such
     Transferred Asset or Assumed Liability, as the case may be, shall be
     excluded from the Transactions and shall be deemed to be an Excluded Asset
     or an Excluded Liability, as the case may be, and Buyer and Seller shall
     negotiate in good faith an equitable adjustment in the Purchase Price, or
     resolve any disagreement respecting such adjustment, in accordance with the
     procedures of Section 2.14.
                   ------------ 

               (b)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
     during the period between the date hereof and the relevant Scheduled

                                      -38-
<PAGE>
 
     Closing, Seller may, for the purpose of facilitating consummation of the
     Transactions and with the consent of Buyer (which will not be unreasonably
     withheld), cause any Subsidiary to acquire a fixed asset, or any direct or
     indirect interest therein, that results in the simultaneous discharge of
     all or any part of a liability that exists as of the date hereof which, but
     for such acquisition, would be an Assumed Liability; provided that in each
                                                          --------             
     such case it gives prompt notice of such acquisition to Buyer.  In the
     event of any such acquisition, Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good
     faith an equitable adjustment to the Purchase Price, or resolve any
     disagreement respecting such adjustment, in accordance with the procedures
     of Section 2.14.
        ------------ 

               (c)  The provisions of Section 2.12(a) notwithstanding, neither
                                      ---------------                         
     Buyer nor Seller shall be obligated to close with respect to a given
     Facility if any private third party consent or authorization in respect of
     Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related to such Facility that is
     enumerated in Schedule 2.12(c) (the "Schedule of Required Consents") is not
                   ----------------       -----------------------------         
     obtained, unless both Buyer and Seller waive in writing their respective
     conditions precedent that such consent or authorization be obtained prior
     to the transfer of such Facility. With respect to all other private third
     party consents or authorizations with respect to such Facility that have
     not been obtained by the relevant Scheduled Closing, if the parties have
     not entered into a cooperative arrangement in respect of the Transferred
     Asset or Assumed Liability to which such consent or authorization relates,
     then, subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 regarding Buyer's right to
                                        ------------
     reject certain contracts within sixty (60) days following the Scheduled
     Closing at which such contracts are assigned or purported to be assigned,
     (i) Buyer hereby agrees to accept the assignment of any such pertinent
     Transferred Asset, and to assume any such pertinent Assumed Liability, as
     the case may be, whether or not such assignment or assumption is made
     subject to such consent or authorization being obtained after the relevant
     Scheduled Closing, and (ii) the parties agree to continue to cooperate with
     one another, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 5.2 and 5.3, to obtain
                                                ------------     ---
     any such requisite consent

          Section 2.13  Closings.  All of Seller's and the Subsidiaries' right,
                        --------                                               
     title and interest in a Facility and all other Transferred Assets and
     Assumed Liabilities which relate to, or constitute a part of, a Facility
     shall be transferred to Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries at a
     "Scheduled Closing" (as defined below). Subject to the terms and conditions
      -----------------                                               
     hereof, the Transferred Assets shall be transferred to Buyer at one of
     three Scheduled Closings: The "First Closing" (as defined below), the
                                    -------------                     
     "Second Closing" (as defined below) or the "Final Closing" (as defined
      --------------                             -------------             
     below).  The 

                                      -39-
<PAGE>
 
     First Closing, Second Closing and Final Closing, collectively, are the
     "Scheduled Closings" and each is a "Scheduled Closing." A date on which a
     Scheduled Closing actually occurs is a "Closing Date," and the Closing Date
                                             ------------          
     of the Final Closing is the "Final Closing Date." A Scheduled Closing shall
                                  ------------------               
     be effective for all purposes as to each Facility which is the subject of
     such Scheduled Closing (and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities
     related thereto or constituting a part thereof) (collectively, the "Subject
                                                                         -------
     Transferred Assets") at 11:59 p.m. on the relevant Closing Date, as
     ------------------
     determined by reference to the local time zone in which the Facility is
     located. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either the First or Second Closing
     may also be a Final Closing and if the First Closing is the Final Closing,
     there shall be no Second Closing. Scheduled Closings shall occur in
     accordance with the following provisions:

               (a)  The First Closing.  Provided that no Scheduled Closing shall
                    -----------------                                           
     occur after the Termination Date set forth in Section 10.1(b), the "First
                                                   ---------------       -----
     Closing" shall occur at a mutually agreeable time and place or places
     -------                                                              
     within five (5) business days (unless another date is mutually agreed upon
     by Buyer and Seller) after the first date on which all of the conditions
     set forth in Article 8 and Article 9 hereof are capable of being satisfied
                  ---------     ---------                            
     or are waived (i) as to Facility Nos. 29, 48 and 55 (the "Required First
                                                               --------------
     Facilities"), and (ii) as to the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities
     ----------
     in respect of First Facilities that account in the aggregate for at least
     Twenty-Seven Million Dollars ($27,000,000) of the EBITDA (as defined in
     Section 3.17(a)) assigned to Facilities for this purpose as shown on
     ---------------                                 
     Schedule 2.13B hereto, and all Facilities, Transferred Assets and Assumed
     --------------                                        
     Liabilities sold, assigned, conveyed, transferred, delivered and assumed at
     the First Closing shall be the Subject Transferred Assets with respect to
     the First Closing; provided that:
                        ------------- 

                    (A)  If the conditions set forth in Articles 8 and 9 with
                                                        ----------     -     
          respect to any of the Required First Facilities have not been met by
          the First Closing, then at the option of Buyer, the condition set
          forth in clause (a)(i) above may be waived to permit the First Closing
                          ------                                                
          to occur, in which case any of the Required First Facilities not
          included in the First Closing will, to the extent the conditions set
          forth in Articles 8 and 9 with respect thereto are otherwise
                   ----------     -                                   
          satisfied, be Subject Transferred Assets at the Second Closing or the
          Final Closing;

                                      -40-
<PAGE>
 
                    (B)  At the option of Buyer, exercisable by written notice
          to Seller at least five (5) business days prior to the First Closing,
          Buyer may elect to defer until the Second Closing or the Final Closing
          (but in no event later than the Termination Date) consummation of the
          Transactions respecting one or more of the Facilities denominated on
          Schedule A-2 as Facility Nos. 35, 36 and 53; and
          ------------                                    

                    (C)  In the event that Buyer elects to exercise either or
          both of the options set forth in paragraphs (A) or (B) above, then the
                                                      ---    ---                
          amounts set forth in clause (a)(ii) above shall be reduced by the
                                      -------                              
          EBITDA set forth on Schedule 2.13(B) for the Facilities that the Buyer
                              ----------------                                  
          excludes from the Subject Transferred Assets pursuant to such options.

     Upon consummation at the First Closing of Transactions in compliance with
     the foregoing provisions, any remaining Transactions in respect of
     Facilities that were not consummated at such Closing may be consummated at
     a subsequent Closing subject to the provisions of Article 8 and Article 9
                                                       ---------     --------- 
     and to the provisions of this Section 2.13 with respect to such Closings.
                                   ------------

               (b)  The Second Closing.  Provided that the First Closing has
                    ------------------                                      
     occurred and that no Scheduled Closing shall occur after the Termination
     Date, the "Second Closing" shall occur at a mutually agreeable time and
                --------------                                              
     place or places, on the date which is within five (5) business days (unless
     another date is mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller) after the first
     date on which all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 and Article 9
                                                      ---------     ---------
     hereof are capable of being satisfied or are waived as to any additional
     First Facilities and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related
     thereto or constituting a part thereof that are not the subject of the
     First Closing, and the First Facilities and the Transferred Assets and
     Assumed Liabilities shall be the Subject Transferred Assets with respect to
     the Second Closing, provided that the Second Closing shall be held, in any
                         --------                                              
     event, within thirty (30) days of the First Closing with respect to any
     First Facilities for which the conditions to Closing, including those set
     forth in this Section 2.13, have been met or waived as of such date.

               (c)  The Final Closing.  Provided that a First Closing has
                    -----------------                                    
     occurred, the "Final Closing" shall occur with respect to First Facilities
                    -------------                                              
     that are not the subject of the First or Second Closings at a mutually
     agreeable place or places and at a mutually agreeable time as follows:

                                      -41-
<PAGE>
 
                    (i) If all of the conditions set forth in Articles 8 and 9
                                                              ----------     -
          hereof and in this Section 2.13 are capable of being satisfied or are
                             ------------                                      
          waived on or prior to the Termination Date as to all First Facilities
          that are not included in the First Closing or the Second Closing, then
          the Final Closing shall occur (A) within five (5) business days
          (unless another date is mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller)
          after the first date upon which such conditions may be satisfied or
          are waived, but in no event later than the Termination Date or (B) if
          the only Facilities subject to the Final Closing are one or more of
          Facilities Nos. 35, 36 and 53, on such date as the parties shall
          mutually agree, but no later than the Termination Date.

                   (ii) If all of the conditions set forth in Articles 8 and 9
                                                              ----------     -
          hereof and in this Section 2.13 are capable of being satisfied or are
                             ------------                                      
          waived on or prior to the Termination Date as to some, but not all, of
          the Facilities that are not included in the First Closing or the
          Second Closing, then the Final Closing shall occur within five (5)
          business days after the identity of the Facilities as to which such
          conditions will not be satisfied has become reasonably manifest or has
          been mutually agreed upon by the parties, but in no event shall such
          Final Closing occur later than the Termination Date.

               (d)  Deliveries by Seller.  At each Scheduled Closing Seller
                    --------------------                                   
     shall deliver, or cause the Subsidiaries to deliver, to Buyer:

                    (i)  A Bill or Bills of Sale and Assignment in substantially
          the form of Exhibit A executed by each Subsidiary with respect to the
                      ---------                                                
          Subject Transferred Assets of the Subsidiary covered thereby;

                    (ii)  Grant deeds (or equivalent special or limited warranty
          deeds for Owned Real Properties outside California), properly executed
          and acknowledged by each Subsidiary with respect to the Owned Real
          Properties of the Subsidiary included in the Subject Transferred
          Assets;

                    (iii)  Separate assignments and assumptions in substantially
          the form of Exhibit B executed by each Subsidiary with respect to each
                      ---------                                                 
          Real Property Lease of the Subsidiary included in the Subject
          Transferred Assets that is designated by either Buyer or Seller;

                                      -42-
<PAGE>
 
                    (iv)  Instruments of transfer, sufficient to transfer
          personal property interests of each Subsidiary that are included in
          the Subject Transferred Assets but not otherwise transferred by the
          Bills of Sale and Assignment referred to in clause (i) above, executed
                                                      ----------                
          by each Subsidiary in the form customarily used in commercial
          transactions in the areas in which such other personal property of
          such Subsidiary is located;

                    (v)   Such other instruments of transfer, executed by each
          of the pertinent Subsidiaries necessary to transfer to and vest in
          Buyer all of Seller's and the Subsidiaries' rights, title and interest
          in and to the Subject Transferred Assets or which may be required by
          the Title Insurer (as defined in Section 8.7), including owner's and
                                           -----------                        
          lessee's affidavits, if any; and

                    (vi)  Possession of the Subject Transferred Assets.

     All such documents of transfer shall be in a form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to Buyer.

               (e)  Deliveries by Buyer.  At each Scheduled Closing, Buyer shall
                    -------------------                                         
     deliver to Seller:

                    (i)  Immediately available funds, by way of wire transfer to
          an account or accounts designated by Seller, in an amount equal to the
          amounts then due pursuant to Sections 2.5 and 2.6(a) (including, with
                                       ------------     ------                 
          respect to the First Closing, the amount due for the covenant not to
          compete as specified by the last sentence of Section 2.5), as adjusted
                                                       -----------              
          by the expenses due at such Scheduled Closing pursuant to Section 5.5;
                                                                    ----------- 

                    (ii) Separate assignments and assumptions in substantially
          the form of Exhibit C executed by Buyer and the applicable Buyer
                      ---------                                           
          Subsidiaries with respect to each Real Property Lease included in the
          Subject Transferred Assets that is designated by either Buyer or
          Seller; and

                    (iii)  An Assumption Agreement or Assumption Agreements with
          respect to the Assumed Liabilities assumed at such Scheduled Closing,
          in substantially the form of Exhibit C, executed 
                                       ---------                           

                                      -43-
<PAGE>
 
          by Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries in favor of Seller and
          each of the applicable Subsidiaries.

     All such documents of transfer shall be in a form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to Seller.

               (f)  Escrow.  If either of the parties desires to consummate a
                    ------                                                   
     Scheduled Closing through an escrow, an escrow shall be opened with, and
     the escrow agent shall be, Chicago Title Company (the "Escrow Agent"), by
                                                            ------------      
     depositing a fully executed copy of this Agreement with Escrow Agent to
     serve as escrow instructions.  This Agreement shall be considered the
     primary escrow instructions between the parties, but the parties shall
     execute such additional escrow instructions as Escrow Agent shall require
     and the parties may agree upon in order to clarify the duties and
     responsibilities of Escrow Agent.  In the event of any conflict between
     this Agreement and such additional escrow instructions, this Agreement
     shall prevail.  If a Scheduled Closing is to be consummated through the
     Escrow Agent, then on or prior to the Closing Date, Buyer shall cause the
     funds required by Subsection (e)(i) above to be wired to Escrow Agent, and
                       ---------- ------                                       
     the parties shall deliver the instruments of sale, assignment, conveyance
     and assumption called for by Subsections (d) and (e) above to be delivered
                                  ---------------     ---                      
     to the Escrow Agent, and on the Closing Date, the Escrow Agent shall close
     the escrow with respect to such Scheduled Closing by:

                    (i)  Causing the deeds for the Owned Real Properties, the
          assignments of the Real Property Leases, and any other documents which
          the parties may mutually designate to be recorded in the official
          records of the appropriate counties in which the pertinent Subject
          Transferred Assets are located;

                   (ii)  Delivering to Seller by wire transfer of immediately
          available funds, to an account or accounts designated by Seller, the
          amounts called for by Subsection (e)(i) above; and
                                -----------------           

                  (iii)  Delivering to Buyer or Seller, as the case may be,
          the other instruments referred to in Subsections (d) and (e) above.
                                               ---------------     ---       

               (g)  Ability To Close Without Regard To Subsequent Facilities.
                    --------------------------------------------------------  
     Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties hereby
     expressly acknowledge that the Transactions related to the First Facilities
     may be consummated if the conditions thereto are satisfied or 

                                      -44-
<PAGE>
 
     waived, irrespective of whether transactions in respect of the Subsequent
     Facilities that are contemplated by the Subsequent Facilities Agreement are
     previously, concurrently or subsequently consummated.

          Section 2.14  Purchase Price Adjustment.  If circumstances exist that
                        -------------------------                              
     require the parties to negotiate in good faith equitable adjustments in the
     Purchase Price pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 (respecting
                                                  ------------            
     absence of consents), Sections 8.5 and 9.5 (dealing with certain
                           ------------     ---                      
     prohibitions and restraints), Section 6.2(c) (respecting Seller's
                                   --------------                     
     obligations with respect to environmental conditions), Section 8.7
                                                            -----------
     (respecting the condition of title to interests in real property) or
                                                                         
     Section 8.10 (respecting casualty losses or condemnation) (Sections 2.12,
     ------------                                               ------------- 
     6.2(c), 8.5, 8.7, 8.10, 9.5 and this Section 2.14 being collectively
     ------  ---  ---  ----  ---          -------------                  
     referred to as the "Adjustment Sections"), then and in any of such events,
                         -------------------                                   
     such negotiations, and the resolution of disagreements arising therefrom,
     shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.14.
                                                                  ------------
     The parties shall negotiate such equitable adjustments in the Purchase
     Price in good faith prior to any relevant Closing Date (as may be extended
     by mutual agreement of the parties), provided, that any adjustment in the
                                          --------
     Purchase Price shall be consistent with the Allocation Schedule. If the
     parties are unable to agree by the day prior to such relevant Closing Date,
     then such relevant Closing Date (the "Original Closing Date") (and the
                                           ---------------------  
     Termination Date, if necessary) shall be extended for up to fifteen (15)
     business days to provide for the opportunity to resolve such disagreement
     pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.14. On the day a Scheduled
                                        ------------    
     Closing would have occurred but for the absence of agreement between the
     parties, each party shall designate an individual (who may not be a present
     or former officer, director, partner or employee of the party or of any
     present or former investment banker, accounting firm, law firm or attorney
     of or for the party) to mediate such disagreement, and advise the other
     party in writing of the identity of such individual, which advice shall be
     accompanied by a list of up to ten (10) suggested neutral individuals to
     serve as a third mediator. The mediators originally designated by each
     party shall promptly confer about the selection of a third mediator from
     such lists, and within five (5) business days following the Original
     Closing Date (or Termination Date, as the case may be), the originally
     designated mediators shall agree upon and (subject to availability) select
     the third mediator from the lists submitted by the parties or otherwise,
     provided that if the originally designated mediators cannot agree upon a
     --------                       
     third mediator by such date, the third mediator shall be a retired judge
     designated by Judicial and Arbitration Mediation Services, Inc., located in
     Los Angeles, California. The three mediators so selected 

                                      -45-
<PAGE>
 
     are herein referred to as the "Panel". Within two (2) business days
                                    ----- 
     following the designation of the third mediator, each party shall submit to
     the Panel in writing, its proposed equitable adjustments in the Purchase
     Price. Such proposals shall be materially in accordance with the last
     proposals made by such party to the other party during the course of the
     aforementioned good faith negotiations between the parties. The parties
     shall additionally submit such memoranda, arguments, briefs and evidence in
     support of their respective positions, and in accordance with such
     procedures, as a majority of the Panel may determine. Within seven (7)
     business days following the designation of the third mediator, as to each
     adjustment of the Purchase Price about which there is disagreement, the
     Panel shall, by majority vote, select the proposed adjustment of the
     Purchase Price proposed by one of the parties, it being agreed that the
     Panel shall have no authority to alter any such proposal in any way.
     Thereafter, the parties shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this
     Agreement, consummate the Transactions on the basis of such adjustments at
     a mutually agreeable time and place or places, in accordance with and
     subject to the provisions of Section 2.13, which shall be no later than the
                                  ------------                                  
     fifteenth (15th) business day following the Original Closing Date or such
     later date as the parties may agree upon. Subject to the foregoing, the
     Panel may determine the issues in dispute following such procedures,
     consistent with the language of this Agreement, as it deems appropriate to
     the circumstances and with reference to the amounts in issue, but in any
     event consistent with the Allocation Schedule to the extent applicable. No
     particular procedures are intended to be imposed upon the Panel, it being
     the desire of the parties that any such disagreement shall be resolved as
     expeditiously and inexpensively as reasonably practicable. No member of the
     Panel shall have any liability to the parties in connection with service on
     the Panel, and the parties shall provide such indemnities to the members of
     the Panel as they shall request.

          Section 2.15  Transfer of Assets in Corporate Form.  If Buyer consents
                        ------------------------------------                    
     in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, Seller may, prior to any
     Scheduled Closing, cause any Transferred Asset or Assumed Liability to be
     assigned and transferred by way of an assignment to Buyer of the stock of a
     subsidiary of Seller (including the stock of any Subsidiary), in which case
     all right, title and interest of Seller and any of its Affiliates in such
     subsidiary (which shall constitute all of the outstanding capital stock and
     rights to acquire capital stock in such subsidiary) shall be transferred to
     Buyer at the Scheduled Closing as a Subject Transferred Asset.  Any 

                                      -46-
<PAGE>
 
     such agreement of the parties shall become an amendment to this Agreement.

          Section 2.16  Assignment of Rights and Obligations to Buyer
                        ---------------------------------------------
     Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained herein,
     ------------                                                            
     the parties hereto agree that, prior to a Scheduled Closing, Buyer, in its
     sole discretion, may assign any or all of its rights and obligations with
     respect to the Subject Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities to be
     transferred at such Scheduled Closing to one or more Buyer Subsidiaries,
     provided that no such assignment shall relieve Buyer of any obligation or
     --------                                                                 
     liability to Seller hereunder, and provided further that the following
                                        --------                           
     shall apply:

               (a)  Buyer will provide Seller with prompt written notice of any
     such assignment.

               (b)  No such assignment shall be effected if the making of the
     assignment will result in Seller's inability to obtain any consent or
     authorization reasonably required to consummate the Transactions or to
     avoid economic detriment to the Seller arising from the consummation of the
     Transactions.

               (c)  Each such Buyer Subsidiary that is an assignee of Buyer
     shall irrevocably appoint Buyer as its sole and exclusive representative
     and agent authorized to act for and to receive notices and payments on
     behalf of the Buyer Subsidiaries in all matters arising from or related to
     this Agreement and the Transactions.

               (d)  As a condition to Seller's agreement to such assignments,
     Buyer hereby agrees that Buyer will at all times be the ultimate parent
     entity of the consolidated group of companies of which Buyer is a group
     member or that, in the event of any reorganization involving Buyer and its
     subsidiaries, the ultimate parent entity of the consolidated group of
     companies emerging from such reorganization that includes Buyer and its
     successors and assigns shall, prior to any such reorganization, execute
     such documents as are reasonably necessary to confirm the assumption by
     such ultimate parent entity of Buyer's obligations to Seller hereunder.

               (e)  Buyer shall remain jointly and severally liable to Seller
     and the Subsidiaries and to third parties with respect to any Assumed
     Liabilities transferred to a Buyer Subsidiary, and, without limiting the

                                      -47-
<PAGE>
 
     generality of the foregoing, hereby absolutely and unconditionally
     guarantees the full, prompt and faithful performance by each Buyer
     Subsidiary of all covenants and obligations to be performed by such Buyer
     Subsidiary under this Agreement and any Related Agreement (as defined in
     Section 3.4) which are assigned to such Buyer Subsidiary, including but not
     -----------                                                                
     limited to, the payment of all sums stipulated to be paid by such Buyer
     Subsidiary pursuant to such assignment, it being understood that each such
     covenant and obligation constitutes the direct and primary obligation of
     Buyer and that a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted
     against Buyer whether action is brought against the pertinent Buyer
     Subsidiary or whether such Buyer Subsidiary is joined in any such action or
     actions (Buyer hereby waiving any right to require Seller or a Subsidiary
     to proceed against a Buyer Subsidiary).  Buyer hereby authorizes Seller,
     without notice and without affecting Buyer's liability hereunder, from time
     to time to (x) renew, compromise, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change
     the terms of any obligation of a Buyer Subsidiary hereunder with the
     agreement of such Buyer Subsidiary, (y) take and hold security for the
     obligations guaranteed, and exchange, enforce, waive and release any such
     security, and (z) apply such security and direct the order or manner of
     sale thereof as Seller in its discretion may determine. Buyer hereby
     further waives:


                     (i)  Any defense that may arise by reason of the incapacity
          or lack of authority of any Buyer Subsidiary;

                    (ii)  Any defense based upon a statute or rule of law which
          provides that the obligations of a surety must be neither larger in
          amount nor in other respects more burdensome than those of the
          principal; and

                   (iii)  Any duty on the part of Seller or a Subsidiary to
          disclose to Buyer any facts that Seller or a Subsidiary may now or
          hereafter know about a Buyer Subsidiary.

          Section 2.17  Data Processing Services.  In order to facilitate the
                        ------------------------                             
     transition of the Facilities from Seller's to Buyer's ownership, from and
     after the First Closing until the expiration of eight (8) months after the
     later of the Final Closing or the last closing to occur under the
     Subsequent Facilities Agreement (the "Transition Period"):
                                           -----------------   

                                      -48-
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  Seller will provide Buyer, at no charge, with data
     processing services from Seller's Psychiatric Hospital Information System
     (the "PHIS System") that support the collection of Receivables acquired by
           -----------                                                         
     Buyer hereunder and of "Receivables," as defined in the Subsequent
     Facilities Agreement, acquired by Buyer, if any, pursuant to the Subsequent
     Facilities Agreement.

               (b)  Seller shall, at no charge to Buyer, provide the PHIS
     Employees with reasonable access to the PHIS System on-site at Seller's
     Fairfax, Virginia offices from which the PHIS System is operated, and Buyer
     hereby agrees that such PHIS Employees will be made reasonably available to
     Seller, at no charge to Seller, to provide assistance to Seller in
     connection with Seller's operation of the PHIS System.  Seller may require,
     as a condition of such access, that such PHIS Employees comply with such
     security and safety measures as Seller may reasonably impose.

               (c)  Seller will provide Buyer, at no charge, with reasonable
     access to Seller's data processing training center in Fairfax, Virginia for
     the purpose of training employees with respect to data services utilized by
     the First Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities (to the extent any are
     acquired pursuant to the Subsequent Facilities Agreement).

               (d)  Seller agrees to cause to be made available to the First
     Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities (to the extent any are acquired
     pursuant to the Subsequent Facilities Agreement) the customary support
     services that have been provided to the Facilities by up to three (3)
     employees at the so-called "Help Desk" of Seller located in Fairfax,
     Virginia, which provides telephone assistance to First and Subsequent
     Facilities in connection with management information services and facility
     accounting.

     At the First Closing, Buyer will be entitled to purchase from Seller
     certain excess computer equipment associated with the PHIS System (together
     with certain agreements related to such equipment) for One Dollar ($1.00).
     In addition, within thirty (30) days following Seller's closure of its
     operations at its Fairfax, Virginia offices, Seller shall notify Buyer of
     such event, and Buyer shall have the right to purchase certain additional
     equipment associated with the PHIS System (to the extent owned by Seller)
     (together with certain agreements related to such equipment), for the sum
     of One Dollar ($l.00).  Such purchases, as well as Seller's provision of
     services pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (d) above, shall be subject to the
     further 

                                      -49-
<PAGE>
 
     terms and conditions of a Data Processing Services Contract to be executed
     by the parties at the First Closing substantially in the form of Exhibit F
                                                                      ---------
     hereto.


          Section 2.18  Rejection of Certain Contracts.  The provisions of this
                        ------------------------------                         
     Section 2.18 shall apply to the following categories of Assumed Contracts:
     ------------                                                               
     (i) those subject to the provisions of Section 2.1(f)(iii); (ii) those
                                            -------------------            
     subject to the provisions of the second sentence of Section 2.12(c); and
                                                         ---------------     
     (iii) those subject to Section 6.1(f) that are entered into by Seller or a
                            --------------                                     
     Subsidiary after the date hereof in violation of Section 6.1(f).  With
                                                      --------------       
     respect to each such contract (a "Contingent Contract"):
                                       -------------------   

               (a) Buyer or the pertinent Buyer Subsidiary shall have the right
     to reject such Contingent Contract by giving a written notice of such
     rejection to Seller within sixty (60) days following the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, such written notice to be accompanied by originals of the contract
     then in Buyer's or the Buyer Subsidiary's possession, copies of any written
     communications between Buyer or the Buyer Subsidiary and the counterparty
     to such contract relating to the subject matter thereof, and instruments
     evidencing the reassignment of such contract to Seller or the pertinent
     Subsidiary in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and Seller, in which
     case such contract shall be treated as an Excluded Asset, and the
     liabilities related thereto shall be treated as an Excluded Liability, for
     all purposes of this Agreement, subject to the further provisions of this
     Section 2.18.
     ------------ 

               (b) In the event that Seller or the pertinent Subsidiary incurs
     any costs in connection with the termination of any such Contingent
     Contract so rejected by Buyer (including payments during any applicable
     notice period required to terminate such contract) and Buyer or the
     pertinent Buyer Subsidiary continues to do business with the counterparty
     to such contract related to the subject matter thereof during any period
     for which Seller or the applicable Subsidiary is obligated to make payments
     to such counterparty, then Buyer will reimburse Seller for one-half of the
     payments that Seller or the applicable Subsidiary is obligated to make to
     such counterparty in connection with such termination, but not in excess of
     one-half of the payments that Seller or the applicable Subsidiary is
     obligated to make to such counterparty under such contract for a period of
     ninety (90) days.

                                      -50-
<PAGE>
 
               (c) With respect to any Contingent Contract subject to clause
     (ii) of this Section 2.18 that is not also subject to either clause (i) or
     ----         ------------                                           ---   
     clause (iii) of this Section 2.18 and that is not rejected by Buyer
            -----         ------------                                  
     pursuant to Subsection (a) above, Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold
                 --------------                                          
     harmless Seller and the Subsidiaries, in accordance with the provisions of
     Sections 11.3 through 11.6, from and against any and all Losses arising
     -------------         ----                                             
     from or related to the lack of any consent or authorization in connection
     with the assignment of such Contingent Contract to Buyer (or the pertinent
     Buyer Subsidiary) hereunder.

               (d) In the event Buyer rejects a Contingent Contract pursuant to
     Subsection (a), then, notwithstanding any other provision of this
     --------------                                                   
     Agreement, Seller shall have no liability to Buyer and the Buyer
     Subsidiaries for Losses under the provisions of Sections 11.3 through 11.6
                                                     -------------         ----
     related to such Contingent Contract for the period prior to such rejection
     or for the amounts due Seller under Subsection (b) above.
                                         --------------       

               (e) With respect to any Contingent Contract subject to clause
     (iii) of this Section 2.18 that appears on an updated Schedule 2.1(f)
     -----         ------------                            ---------------
     delivered pursuant to Section 6.3 and that is not rejected by Buyer
                           -----------             ---                  
     pursuant to Subsection (a) above, then, notwithstanding any other provision
                 --------------                                                 
     of this Agreement, Seller shall have no liability to Buyer and the Buyer
     Subsidiaries for Losses under the provisions of Sections 11.3 through 11.6
                                                     -------------         ----
     for violation of Section 6.1(f) with respect to such Contingent Contract.
                      --------------                                          

          Section 2.19  Remaining Schedules.  Notwithstanding anything to the
                        -------------------                                  
     contrary herein, this Agreement shall be deemed cancelled and of no further
     force and effect if the parties shall have failed to agree upon the
     Schedules enumerated in Exhibit E, if any, within five (5) business days
                             ---------                                       
     following the date hereof, the parties hereby agreeing to cooperate with
     one another in good faith and to work expeditiously to agree upon such
     Schedules within such period.  Such agreement shall be evidenced by a duly
     executed amendment of this Agreement that deletes this Section 2.19.
                                                            ------------ 

                                   ARTICLE 3
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

          Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, as of the date hereof,
     as follows, except as set forth in Schedules numbered in relation to the
     Sections set forth below:

                                      -51-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 3.1  Organization and Corporate Power.  Seller is a
                       --------------------------------              
     corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of, and
     is authorized to exercise its corporate powers, rights and privileges and
     is in good standing in, the State of Nevada and has full corporate power to
     carry on its business as presently conducted and to own or lease and
     operate its properties and assets now owned or leased and operated by it
     and to perform the transactions on its part contemplated by this Agreement
     and all other agreements contemplated hereby.

          Section 3.2  Subsidiaries.
                       ------------ 

               (a)  Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly
     existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation
     (which, in the case of Subsidiaries existing on the date of this Agreement,
     is indicated on Schedule A-1). Each Subsidiary has all requisite power and
                     ------------                                               
     authority (corporate and otherwise) to carry on its business as presently
     conducted and to own or lease and operate its properties and assets now
     owned or leased and operated by it and to perform the transactions on its
     part contemplated by this Agreement and all other agreements contemplated
     hereby.

               (b)  All of the outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has
     been duly authorized and is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
     and, except as indicated on Schedule A-1, is owned beneficially and of
                                 ------------                              
     record by Seller or another subsidiary of Seller as indicated on Schedule
                                                                      --------
     A-1.  Except as provided in Schedule A-1, there are no (i) rights,
     ---                         ------------                          
     subscriptions, warrants, options, conversion rights or agreements of any
     kind outstanding to purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
     stock of any Subsidiary, or (ii) securities or obligations of any kind
     convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of any
     Subsidiary, or (iii) obligations of any kind obligating Seller to sell or
     dispose of all or any part of Seller's ownership interest therein.  The
     Subsidiaries listed on Schedule A-1 are, on the date hereof, the only
                            ------------                                  
     subsidiaries of Seller that have any right or interest in, or title to the
     Facilities.

               (c)  The board of directors of each Subsidiary and, if required,
     its shareholders, have duly and effectively authorized (i) the sale of the
     Transferred Assets to be sold by such Subsidiary and (ii) the execution,
     delivery and performance of the Related Agreements (as defined in Section
                                                                       -------
     3.4) and all other agreements contemplated hereby and thereby to which such
     ----                                                                       
     Subsidiary is a party.  No other corporate act or proceeding on the 

                                      -52-
<PAGE>
 
     part of any Subsidiary, its board of directors or its shareholders is
     necessary to authorize any Related Agreement or other agreement
     contemplated hereby and thereby or the transactions contemplated hereby and
     thereby.

               (d)  The Related Agreements and all other agreements contemplated
     hereby and thereby to which any Subsidiary is a party will, as of each
     Scheduled Closing, have been duly executed and delivered by each such
     Subsidiary, and each such agreement, when executed and delivered, will
     constitute a valid and binding obligation of such Subsidiary, enforceable
     against such Subsidiary in accordance with its terms, except as it may be
     limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
     similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights
     generally and that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and
     other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to
     the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be brought.

          Section 3.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement.  The execution,
                       ------------------------------------                 
     delivery and performance of this Agreement and all other agreements
     contemplated hereby and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
     hereby and thereby have been duly and effectively authorized by the board
     of directors of Seller; no other corporate act or proceeding on the part of
     Seller, its board of directors or its shareholders is necessary to
     authorize this Agreement, any such other agreement or the transactions
     contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement has been, and each of the
     other agreements contemplated hereby will, as of each Scheduled Closing,
     have been, duly executed and delivered by Seller, and this Agreement
     constitutes, and each such other agreement when executed and delivered will
     constitute, a valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against
     Seller in accordance with its terms, except as it may be limited by
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws
     now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights generally and that
     the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
     equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion
     of the court before which any proceeding may be brought.

          Section 3.4  Absence of Breach.  Subject to the provisions of Sections
                       -----------------                                --------
     3.5 and 3.6 below regarding private party and governmental consents, and
     ---     ---                                                             
     except for compliance with the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
     Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and any
                                                          -------           
     regulatory or licensing Laws applicable to the businesses 

                                      -53-
<PAGE>
 
     and assets represented by the Transferred Assets, the execution, delivery
     and performance by Seller of this Agreement and all other agreements
     contemplated hereby or executed in connection herewith (not including the
     Subsequent Facilities Agreement, the "Related Agreements"), and the
                                           ------------------           
     execution and delivery by any Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which
     it is a party, and the performance by the Subsidiaries of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements entered into by
     the Subsidiaries, do not, (a) conflict with or result in a breach of any of
     the provisions of the Articles or Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws
     or similar charter documents (the "Charter Documents") of Seller or of any
                                        -----------------                      
     of the Subsidiaries, (b) contravene any Law or cause the suspension or
     revocation of any License presently in effect, which affects or binds
     Seller or any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their properties, except where
     such contravention, suspension or revocation will not have a Material
     Adverse Effect (as defined below) on the Transferred Assets and will not
     affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement and the Related
     Agreements or the validity of the Transactions contemplated hereby and
     thereby, or (c) conflict with or result in a breach of or default (with or
     without notice or lapse of time or both) under any indenture or loan or
     credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which Seller or
     any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or they or any of their
     properties may be affected or bound, the effect of which conflict, breach,
     or default, either individually or in the aggregate, would be a Material
     Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets. As used herein, a "Material
                                                                  --------
     Adverse Effect": (x) when used with respect to the Transferred Assets,
     --------------                                                        
     means a material adverse effect on the Transferred Assets and on the
     businesses operated therefrom, including their condition (financial or
     otherwise) and results of operations, taken as a whole; (y) when used with
     respect to any portion of the Transferred Assets (including, without
     limitation, a Facility), means a material adverse effect on such portion of
     the Transferred Assets and on the businesses operated therefrom, including
     their condition (financial or otherwise) and results of operations, taken
     as a whole; and (z) when used with respect to an entity, such as Seller, a
     Subsidiary or Buyer, means a material adverse effect on the business,
     condition (financial or otherwise) and results of operations of such entity
     taken as a whole (including any subsidiaries of such entity).

          Section 3.5  Private Party Consents.  Except as set forth in Schedule
                       ----------------------                          --------
     3.5, the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement
     ---                                                                     
     and the Related Agreements, and the execution and delivery by any
     Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the

                                      -54-
<PAGE>
 
     performance by the Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and the Related Agreements to be performed by the Subsidiaries,
     do not require the authorization, consent or approval of any non-
     governmental third party of such a nature that the failure to obtain the
     same would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets or a
     Facility.

          Section 3.6  Governmental Consents.  The execution, delivery and
                       ---------------------                              
     performance by Seller of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the
     execution and delivery by any Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which
     it is a party, and the performance by the Subsidiaries of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements to be performed
     by the Subsidiaries, do not require the authorization, consent, approval,
     certification, license or order of, or any filing with, any court or
     governmental agency of such a nature that the failure to obtain the same
     would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets or a
     Facility, except for compliance with the HSR Act and except for such
     governmental authorizations, consents, approvals, certifications, licenses
     and orders that customarily accompany the transfer of health care
     facilities such as the Facilities.

          Section 3.7  Brokers.  Except as shown on Schedule 3.7, no broker,
                       -------                      ------------            
     finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
     other fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the
     Transactions contemplated hereby based upon any agreements or arrangements
     or commitments, written or oral, made by or on behalf of Seller or any of
     its Affiliates.  Seller shall be solely responsible for the payment of any
     such fee or commission to any person or entity listed on Schedule 3.7 as an
                                                              ------------      
     exception to the foregoing.

          Section 3.8  Title to Property.
                       ----------------- 

               (a)  Each Subsidiary has good and defensible title, or valid and
     effective leasehold rights in the case of leased property, to all tangible
     personal property included in the Transferred Assets to be sold, conveyed,
     assigned, transferred and delivered to Buyer by such Subsidiary, free and
     clear of all liens, charges, claims, pledges, security interests, equities
     and encumbrances of any nature whatsoever, except for those created or
     allowed to be suffered by Buyer and except for the following (individually
     and collectively, the "Permitted Encumbrances"):  (i) the lien of current
                            ----------------------                            
     taxes not delinquent, (ii) liens listed on Schedules 3.8(a) and 3.8(b),
                                                --------------------------- 
     (iii) the 

                                      -55-
<PAGE>
 
     Assumed Liabilities, (iv) such consents, authorizations, approvals and
     licenses referred to in Sections 3.5 and 3.6, and (v) liens, charges,
                             ------------     ---                
     claims, pledges, security interests, equities and encumbrances which will
     be discharged or released either prior to, or substantially simultaneously
     with, the Scheduled Closing at which such property is sold, conveyed,
     assigned and transferred to Buyer and other possible minor matters that in
     the aggregate are not substantial in amount and do not materially detract
     from or interfere with the present or intended use of such property. All
     such tangible personal property is in good operating condition and repair,
     subject to ordinary wear and tear and ordinary and routine maintenance, and
     is reasonably adequate for the operation of the Facilities as they are
     presently operated.

               (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8(b), and except for the
                                          ---------------                    
     Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property, no Subsidiary owns any
     fee or leasehold or other interests in any real property used in and
     necessary for the conduct of the operations of any Facility as presently
     conducted.  Each Subsidiary has good and marketable title to all Owned Real
     Property, or valid and effective leasehold rights in the case of the Leased
     Real Property, included in the Transferred Assets to be sold, conveyed,
     transferred and delivered to Buyer by such Subsidiary, free and clear of
     all liens except for those created or allowed to be suffered by Buyer and
     except for the following:  (i) Permitted Encumbrances, (ii) liens (not
     including liens for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of
     property) that do not materially impair the use of the Owned Real Property
     subject thereto, as such Owned Real Property is being used on the date
     hereof, (iii) easements and similar encumbrances disclosed by current
     standard ALTA Preliminary Title Reports, delivered to and approved by Buyer
     prior to the date hereof (except for such easements or similar encumbrances
     shown on Schedule 8.7(b)), and (iv) zoning, set back, building and other
              ---------------                                                
     similar restrictions including, without limitation, restrictions and
     requirements affecting the Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property
     imposed by deeds, leases, development agreements, declarations, and
     redevelopment authorities, which are not being violated in any manner that
     would cause a Material Adverse Effect on any Facility as currently used and
     operated.  The condition of the Owned and Leased Real Property is such that
     it will not materially adversely affect the operations of the Transferred
     Assets on or from such Owned and Leased Real Property.  All of the
     improvements on land included in the Transferred Assets are in good
     condition and repair, subject to those matters disclosed in Section 3.16 or
                                                                 ------------   
     Schedule 3.16, ordinary wear and tear and 
     -------------                                                              

                                      -56-
<PAGE>
 
     ordinary and routine maintenance, and in view of the purpose for which such
     improvements are being used, free of any material structural or engineering
     defects.

          Section 3.9  Assumed Contracts.  Except for such matters that, when
                       -----------------                                     
     viewed in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on a
     Facility, (a) there is no liability to any person by reason of the default
     by Seller or a Subsidiary under any Assumed Contract, (b) neither Seller
     nor any Subsidiary has received written or other notice that any person
     intends to cancel or terminate any Assumed Contract, (c) all of the Assumed
     Contracts are in full force and effect and without any material default by
     any party or to the knowledge of Seller and the Subsidiaries, any event
     which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be
     such a material default, (d) subject to the provisions of Sections 3.5 and
                                                               ------------
     3.6, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
     ---                                                           
     will not constitute and, to the best of Seller's current actual knowledge,
     no event has occurred which, with or without the passage of time or the
     giving of notice or both, would constitute a material breach or default by
     Seller or a Subsidiary of such Assumed Contract, or would cause the
     acceleration of any obligation of Seller or any Subsidiary or the creation
     of any lien (except for Permitted Encumbrances) upon any Transferred Asset,
     and (e) neither Seller nor any Subsidiary has waived any right under any
     Assumed Contract; provided that Seller makes no separate representation or
                       --------                              
     warranty under this Section 3.9 respecting compliance with the provisions
                         ----------- 
     of any Assumed Contract related to title to or condition of property,
     licenses, environmental conditions, hazardous substances or environmental
     laws, taxes, or compliance with laws generally, it being the intent of the
     parties that warranties respecting such matters shall be made exclusively
     under the provisions of Sections 3.8, 3.10, 3.16, 3.20, and 3.25. Seller
                             ------------  ----  ----  ----      ----      
     has previously delivered to Buyer true and complete copies of all written
     Assumed Contracts except where the failure to so deliver a copy thereof
     will not have a Material Adverse Effect on a Facility.

          Section 3.10  Licenses.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10, (a) the
                        --------                          -------------         
     Subsidiaries possess all Licenses necessary for their operation of the
     Facilities at the locations and in the manner presently operated (other
     than such Licenses the absence of which would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect on a Facility), (b) if required, such Facilities are accredited by
     applicable accrediting agencies as necessary for their operations in the
     manner presently operated, and (c) such Facilities are certified for
     participation in the Medicare program and have current and valid provider

                                      -57-
<PAGE>
 
     contracts with such program.  Schedule 3.10 lists each License held by a
                                   -------------                             
     Subsidiary and related to the ownership or operation of a Facility and a
     true and correct copy of each has previously been delivered to Buyer by
     Seller (other than such Licenses the absence of which would not have a
     Material Adverse Effect on a Facility).  All such Licenses are in full
     force and effect.

          Section 3.11  U.S. Person; Resident of Georgia.  Neither Seller nor
                        --------------------------------                     
     any Subsidiary is a "foreign person" for purposes of Section 1445 of the
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any other Laws
                                                     ----                     
     requiring withholding of amounts paid to foreign persons. For purposes of
     the withholding tax imposed by Section 48-7-128 of the Official Code of
     Georgia Annotated, each Subsidiary that owns Transferred Assets
     constituting Owned Real Property located in Georgia and related tangible
     personal property is a corporation the principal place of business of which
     is located in the State of Georgia. The Seller shall, or shall cause the
     relevant Subsidiaries to, provide an appropriate affidavit of each such
     Subsidiary's residence. Seller acknowledges that jurisdictions other than
     Georgia may impose withholding obligations similar to those imposed by
     Georgia and that it is Seller's obligation to provide evidence of
     exemptions from such withholding taxes.

          Section 3.12  Employee Relations.  With respect to the Retained
                        ------------------                               
     Employees, except as set forth on Schedule 3.12:
                                       ------------- 

               (a)  Neither Seller, nor any Subsidiary nor any Facility is a
     party to any agreement with any union, trade association or other similar
     employee organization, no written demand has been made for recognition by a
     labor organization, and to Seller's knowledge it has received no notice of
     any union organizing activities by or with respect to any such employees;

               (b)  There are no controversies (including, without limitation,
     any unfair labor practice complaints, labor strikes, arbitrations,
     disputes, work slowdowns or work stoppages) pending, or to the best of
     Seller's current actual knowledge, threatened, which could have a Material
     Adverse Effect on any Facility; and

               (c)  Each Subsidiary has been and is in material compliance with
     all federal and state laws respecting employment and employment practices,
     terms and conditions of employment, and wages and hours 

                                      -58-
<PAGE>
 
     (including, but not limited to, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Title VII of
     the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Occupational Safety and
     Health Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans
     with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the Family and Medical Leave Act).

          Section 3.13  Employee Plans.
                        -------------- 

               (a)  With respect to each Multiemployer Plan, there has occurred
     no "complete withdrawal" or "partial withdrawal," as each is defined in
     Sections 4203 and 4205, respectively, of ERISA, and all payments required
     to be made to such Multiemployer Plans by a Subsidiary under any collective
     bargaining agreement have been made.

               (b) Neither Buyer nor any Buyer Subsidiary shall have any
     obligation or liability to Seller, any Subsidiary or any present or former
     employee of any of them for or with respect to any benefit plan, employee
     benefit plan or employee health or welfare program or other Employee
     Benefit Arrangements (as defined in Section 3.26(c)), except for
                                         ---------------             
     specifically listed Assumed Liabilities and other express obligations of
     Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries under this Agreement.

          Section 3.14  Litigation.  Except for (a) matters associated with or
                        ----------                                            
     within the scope of the significant legal proceedings and investigations of
     an unusual nature referred to in Seller's filings with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission (the "Unusual Proceedings"), (b) ordinary routine
                               -------------------                        
     claims and litigation incidental to the businesses represented by the
     Facilities (including, but not limited to, actions for negligence,
     professional malpractice, workers' compensation claims, so-called "slip-
     and-fall" claims and the like), (c) governmental inspections and reviews
     customarily made of businesses such as those operated from the Facilities,
     and (d) as set forth on Schedule 3.14, there are no actions, suits, claims
                             -------------                                     
     or proceedings pending, or to the knowledge of Seller or any Subsidiary,
     threatened against or affecting the Transferred Assets or relating to the
     operations of the Facilities, at law or in equity, or before or by any
     federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission,
     agency or instrumentality.  The claims and litigation referred to in clause
                                                                          ------
     (b) above are covered by insurance currently maintained by Seller except
     ---                                                                     
     where the failure to be so covered (i) would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect on any Facility or (ii) is of a nature that is not ordinarily
     subject to insurance coverage (e.g., demands for punitive damages).
                                    ----                                 
     Neither Seller nor any Subsidiary is in default under any judgment, order
     or decree of any governmental agency 

                                      -59-
<PAGE>
 
     or authority applicable to the conduct of the business conducted at the
     Facilities. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3.14, there is no condemnation
                                        -------------             
     proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of Seller or any Subsidiary,
     threatened against any of the Owned or Leased Real Property. Schedule 3.14
                                                                  -------------
     includes an accurate and complete list of each malpractice claim or lawsuit
     pending or to Seller's or any Subsidiary's knowledge, threatened against
     any Facility or Subsidiary.

          Section 3.15  Inventory.  All Inventory included in the Transferred
                        ---------                                            
     Assets and included in the Net Book Values will consist of a quality and
     quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business, except for
     items of obsolete materials and materials of below-standard quality at any
     given Facility, all of which in the aggregate are immaterial to the
     financial condition or results of operations of the businesses operated
     from such Facility taken as a whole, or have been, or prior to the relevant
     Scheduled Closing will be, written down to realizable market value.

          Section 3.16  Hazardous Substances.  To Seller's and the Subsidiaries'
                        --------------------                                    
     knowledge, except as disclosed by the Environmental Survey (as defined in
     Section 6.2(b)) or otherwise on Schedule 3.16:
     --------------                  ------------- 

               (a)  There has not been a Release of Hazardous Material on or
     otherwise affecting the Owned Real Properties or the Leased Real
     Properties, (other than Releases involving de minimis quantities of
     Hazardous Materials) that would:  (i) constitute a violation of any
     Environmental Law by Seller or the Subsidiaries, or by any third party if
     the effect of such violation by such third party imposes a remediation
     obligation on the part of Seller or any Subsidiary; (ii) trigger any
     release-reporting obligations of Seller or the Subsidiaries under any
     Environmental Law; or (iii) trigger any clean-up or remediation obligations
     or Seller or the Subsidiaries under any Environmental Law;

               (b)  Seller and the Subsidiaries have complied with and currently
     are in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws that
     govern the Owned Real Properties, the Leased Real Properties, and the
     businesses operated from any such properties;

               (c)  Seller and the Subsidiaries have obtained all material
     Licenses required under the Environmental Laws for operation of their
     businesses related to the Owned Real Properties and the Leased Real
     Properties, have complied with and currently are in compliance in all

                                      -60-
<PAGE>
 
     material respects with all such Licenses, and have not received any notice
     that:  (i) any such existing License will be revoked; or (ii) any pending
     application for any new such License will be denied;

               (d)  Seller and the Subsidiaries have not received any currently
     outstanding notice of any proceedings, action, or other claim or liability
     arising under any Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, notice
     of potentially responsible party status under the Comprehensive
     Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C.
     (S)(S)9601 et seq. or any state counterpart) from any person or
     governmental agency regarding the Owned Real Properties, the Leased Real
     Properties, or the businesses operated from such properties;

               (e)  Neither Seller nor any Subsidiary has received any currently
     outstanding notice, which notice is specifically directed to an Owned or
     Leased Real Property (rather than to all property owners or operators in a
     given geographic area), that any of the Owned Real Properties or any of the
     Leased Real Properties is the subject of a material deed restriction,
     material title-transfer restriction, other material land-use restriction,
     or material lien arising in each case under any Environmental Law;

               (f)  Neither the Owned Real Properties, the Leased Real
     Properties, nor any of the businesses conducted on any such properties is
     the subject of any outstanding order, decree, or agreement with or
     involving any governmental agency, court, or other party respecting any
     material aspect of the operation of such properties and businesses that
     relates to or arises under any Environmental Law (other than orders,
     decrees or agreements affecting or directed to the healthcare industry
     generally, or in the case of Leased Real Properties, lease agreements
     requiring compliance with applicable Environmental Law);

               (g)  No portion of the Owned Real Properties or Leased Real
     Properties contains or has ever contained any underground storage tank,
     surface impoundment or similar device used for the management of
     wastewater, or other waste management unit dedicated to the disposal,
     treatment, or long-term (greater than 90 days) storage of waste materials;
     and

               (h)  Neither Seller, any Subsidiary nor any other person has
     improperly disturbed or encroached upon any floodplain areas, waters, or

                                      -61-
<PAGE>
 
     wetlands associated with any of the Owned Real Properties or Leased Real
     Properties in violation of any Environmental Law.

          Section 3.17  Financial Information.
                        --------------------- 

               (a)  Attached hereto as Schedule 3.17(a) is an unaudited
                                       ----------------                
     statement of combined earnings from the operations of the Transferred
     Assets and Assumed Liabilities of the First Facilities and Subsequent
     Facilities (as they were comprised on the as of date of such Schedule)
     before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA")
                                                                    ------  
     for the fiscal year ended May 31, 1993 and for the fiscal period ended
     November 30, 1993 (collectively, the "EBITDA Statements").  The EBITDA
                                           -----------------               
     Statements present fairly the combined EBITDA of such operations, taken as
     a whole, as of the dates and for the periods shown, and were derived from
     and are in accordance with the internal books and records of the
     Subsidiaries as well as the "Subsidiaries" defined in the Subsequent
     Facilities Agreement (the "Combined Subsidiaries") and the regularly
                                ---------------------                    
     prepared unaudited internal financial statements of the First Facilities
     and the Subsequent Facilities, which are prepared in accordance with the
     generally accepted accounting principles utilized in the preparation of the
     published financial statements of Seller.

               (b)  Attached hereto as Schedule 3.17(b) is an internally
                                       ----------------                 
     prepared unaudited combined statement of certain assets and liabilities of
     the First Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities as of November 30, 1993
     (the "Balance Sheet"; collectively, the Balance Sheet and the EBITDA
           -------------                                                 
     Statements are the "Financial Schedule").  The Balance Sheet has been
                         ------------------                               
     prepared from, and is in accordance with, the internal books and records of
     the Combined Subsidiaries and presents fairly the financial condition of
     the First Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities with respect to the
     Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities that are the subject of this
     Agreement and the Subsequent Facilities Agreement, taken as a whole, as of
     the date shown.  The Balance Sheet was prepared in accordance with Seller's
     practices for the preparation of internal financial statements,
     consistently applied, and is in accordance with the generally accepted
     accounting principles utilized in the preparation of the published
     financial statements of Seller.

               (c)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Financial Schedule
     does not (A) reflect all intercompany eliminations, adjustments and
     accruals that are reflected in financial statements of Seller, (B) reflect
     any reserves 

                                      -62-
<PAGE>
 
     for the Unusual Proceedings, (C) reflect any anticipation of the
     divestiture of the Transferred Assets that are the subject of this
     Agreement and the Subsequent Facilities Agreement and any adjustments to
     the carrying values of such assets occasioned thereby, (D) contain
     footnotes or other explanatory material associated with financial
     statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
     principles, or (E) contain normal year-end adjustments with respect to
     interim periods, (ii) the EBITDA Statements do not reflect allocations of
     indirect costs and non-hospital overhead or the corresponding cost
     reimbursement impact of claiming such costs in a Cost Report relating to
     First Facilities or Subsequent Facilities, and (iii) certain earnings,
     assets and liabilities have been excluded from the EBITDA Statements or the
     Balance Sheets, as applicable, as noted in the footnotes or other
     explanatory material associated with the Financial Statements. In addition,
     the Financial Schedule is to be read in conjunction with, and is subject
     to, all notes and other explanatory material set forth therein.

               (d)  The Balance Sheet reflects the amount of Receivables, as
     well as "Receivables" as defined in the Subsequent Facilities Agreement
     (together, the "Combined Receivables"), which for this purpose may include
                     --------------------                                      
     Eligible Receivables (including "Eligible Receivables" as defined in the
     Subsequent Facilities Agreement) as of the date thereof, net of allowances
     customarily recorded by the Combined Subsidiaries for uncollectible and
     doubtful accounts, and contractual allowances pursuant to agreements with
     Payors, all in conformity with Seller's practices for the preparation of
     internal financial statements and in accordance with the generally accepted
     accounting principles utilized in the preparation of the published
     financial statements of the Seller.  To the knowledge of Seller and each
     such Subsidiary, all such Combined Receivables included in the Balance
     Sheet represent amounts validly owed to the applicable Combined Subsidiary
     by reason of the provision of goods, services and other consideration by
     such Combined Subsidiary, and, to the knowledge of Seller and each such
     Combined Subsidiary, are not valued in excess of the amounts expected to be
     collected with respect thereto.  Each such Combined Subsidiary maintains
     its accounting records in sufficient detail to substantiate the Combined
     Receivables reflected on the Balance Sheet.  Since the date of Seller's
     most recent audited financial statements, neither Seller nor any such
     Combined Subsidiary has changed any principle or practice with respect to
     the recordation of accounts receivable or the calculation of reserves
     therefor, or any material collection, discount or write-off policy or
     procedure.

                                      -63-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 3.18  Changes Since Balance Sheet.  Since the date of the
                        ---------------------------                        
     Balance Sheet and up to and including the date of this Agreement, other
     than as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Subsidiaries have
     conducted the businesses represented by the Transferred Assets only in the
     ordinary and normal course, except for (i) matters associated with the
     Unusual Proceedings, (ii) as shown on Schedule 3.18, (iii) the institution
                                           -------------                       
     or completion of compliance programs, or (iv) events in anticipation of the
     divestiture of the Transferred Assets, and there has not been:

               (a)  Any entry into or termination by Seller or a Subsidiary of
     any material commitment, contract, agreement or transaction (including,
     without limitation, any borrowing or lending transaction or capital
     expenditure) related to the Transferred Assets except for transactions in
     the ordinary course of business and renegotiation of credit agreements to
     which Seller and certain of its subsidiaries are parties which
     renegotiations will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transferred
     Assets or on any Facility;

               (b)  Any casualty, physical damage, destruction or physical loss
     respecting, or change in the physical condition of, any Facility or
     Equipment that has had a Material Adverse Effect on a Facility;

               (c)  Any transfer of or rights granted under any  contract which
     would have been an Assumed Contract on the date of the Balance Sheet except
     for transactions in the ordinary course of business;

               (d)  Other than in the ordinary course of business, (i) any sale
     or other disposition of any fixed asset included in the Balance Sheet
     having a net book value in excess of $100,000, or (ii) any material
     mortgage, pledge or imposition of any lien or other encumbrances on any
     such asset, or (iii) sales or dispositions of, or the imposition of
     material encumbrances on, fixed assets included in such Balance Sheet
     having a net book value that exceeds $1,000,000 in the aggregate, or (iv)
     any sale or other disposition of Inventories included in the Balance Sheet;

               (e)  Any material amendment (other than general amendments which
     the carrier makes for a category of policy) or termination of any material
     insurance policy or failure to renew any material insurance policy covering
     the Transferred Assets;

                                      -64-
<PAGE>
 
               (f)  Any default or breach by Seller or a Subsidiary under any
     contract that would have been an Assumed Contract on the date of the
     Balance Sheet which, when viewed individually or in the aggregate of all
     such breaches or defaults, has had a Material Adverse Effect on any
     Facility;

               (g)  Any material adverse change in the trend of the business,
     financial condition or results of operations of any Facility as compared to
     the trend of the business, financial condition or results of operations, as
     applicable, of such Facility for the two year period ended November 30,
     1993; or

               (h)  Any increase made in the compensation levels of any chief
     executive officer or chief financial officer of any Facility, or any
     general increase made in the compensation levels of the other Retained
     Employees, except in the ordinary course of business.

          Section 3.19  Transferred Business Names.  Seller or one of the
                        --------------------------                       
     Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use the Transferred Business Names,
     free of any liens.  Schedule 2.1(h) sets forth for each Transferred
                         ---------------                                
     Business Name, if any, that is the subject of a trademark registration the
     date of registration, the registration number and the expiration date.  To
     the  knowledge of Seller and the Subsidiaries, no aspect of registered
     trademarks included in the Transferred Business Names, if any, has been
     adjudged invalid or unenforceable or has been cancelled or revoked.  Except
     as set forth on Schedule 3.19, to the knowledge of Seller and the
                     -------------                                    
     Subsidiaries, the use by the Subsidiaries of the Transferred Business Names
     in connection with the Facilities does not conflict with or violate any
     valid rights of third parties, including any patents, trademarks, trade
     names or copyrights of others, in any way which would have a Material
     Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets or a Facility; neither Seller nor
     any Subsidiary has received any notice of a conflict with the asserted
     rights of others in connection therewith which, if determined adversely,
     would have a Material Adverse Effect on any Facility.  Neither Seller nor
     any of the Subsidiaries is obligated to pay any amount, whether as a
     royalty, license fee or other payment, to any person in order to use any of
     the Transferred Business Names.

          Section 3.20  Compliance with Laws and Accreditation.  To Seller's and
                        --------------------------------------                  
     each Subsidiary's knowledge, Seller and each Subsidiary has complied in all
     material respects with all laws, regulations and orders, and as 

                                      -65-
<PAGE>
 
     materially required for participation in the Medicare, CHAMPUS and Medicaid
     reimbursement programs and is in material compliance with the indigent care
     conditions, if any, contained in or related to certificates of need
     obtained by it except (a) as set forth in Schedule 3.20, (b) as described
                                               -------------                  
     in Sections 3.10, 3.12, 3.16, and 3.21 and the Schedules, if any related
        -------------  ----  ----      ----         ---------                
     thereto, and (c) for matters related to the Unusual Proceedings. With
     respect to each Facility, Seller has previously delivered to Buyer true and
     complete copies of the most recent Joint Commission on Accreditation of
     Health Care Organizations ("JCAHO") accreditation survey report and
     deficiency list, if any; the most recent Statement of Deficiencies and Plan
     of Correction on Form HCFA-2567; the most recent state licensing report and
     list of deficiencies, if any; the most recent fire marshall's survey and
     deficiency list, if any; and the corresponding plans of correction or other
     responses except, in each case, such surveys, reports or deficiency lists
     which do not reflect any deficiency which would have a Material Adverse
     Effect on any Facility. Seller or the relevant Subsidiary has taken or is
     in the process of taking all reasonable steps to correct all material
     deficiencies noted therein and a description of any material uncorrected
     deficiency is listed in Schedule 3.20. There are no provisions in, or other
                             -------------                                 
     agreements to which Seller or a Subsidiary is a party relating to any
     Licenses, which would preclude or limit Buyer from operating the
     Transferred Assets substantially as they are now operated and using the
     beds of any Facility substantially as they are currently classified.

          Section 3.21  Cost Reports, Third Party Receivables and Conditions of
                        -------------------------------------------------------
     Participation.  The Cost Reports of the Facilities for Medicare, Medicaid
     -------------                                                            
     (if required) and Blue Cross (if required) reimbursement have been audited
     through the periods set forth in Schedule 3.21, and Blue Cross and Medicare
                                      -------------                             
     Cost Reports of the Facilities were filed when due.  Except for matters
     related to the Unusual Proceedings, and as set forth in Schedule 3.21:  to
                                                             -------------     
     the knowledge of Seller, (a) neither Seller nor any Subsidiary has received
     notice of any material dispute between a Facility and Blue Cross,
     governmental authorities or the Medicare fiscal intermediary regarding such
     Cost Reports for periods subsequent to the period specified in Schedule
                                                                    --------
     3.21 other than with respect to adjustments thereto made in the ordinary
     ----                                                                    
     course of business which do not involve individual amounts in excess of ten
     thousand dollars ($10,000) per Cost Report; (b) there are no pending or
     threatened material claims by any of such programs against any Facility;
     (c) each Facility currently meets, without material exception, the
     conditions for participation in the Medicare program; and (d) no Facility
     has been subject 

                                      -66-
<PAGE>
 
     to loss of waiver of liability for utilization review denials with respect
     to any such program during the past two years.

          Section 3.22  Medical Staff.  Seller has previously delivered to
                        -------------                                     
     Buyer, with respect to each Facility, a true and correct copy of the blank
     forms generally used with respect to medical staff privilege and membership
     application or delineation of privilege; all current medical staff bylaws,
     rules and regulations and amendments thereto respecting Facilities; and all
     written contracts with physicians, physician groups, or other members of
     the medical staffs of the Facilities. With regard to the active medical
     staffs of the Facilities, there are no material pending or threatened
     disciplinary or corrective actions or appeals therefrom involving physician
     applicants or active medical staff members except as set forth in Schedule
                                                                       --------
     3.22. Schedule 3.22 also sets forth a materially complete and accurate list
     ----  -------------                             
     and description of (a) the name of each member of the medical staff of each
     Facility as of the date shown on such Schedule, (b) the approximate age of
     each active medical staff member as of such date, (c) the specialty, if
     any, of each medical staff member, (d) readily available reports regarding
     the number of patient admissions of each medical staff member for the
     period shown on such Schedule 3.22, and (e) readily available reports
                          -------------     
     regarding the aggregate patient days of patients admitted by each medical
     staff member for the period shown on such Schedule 3.22.
                                               ------------- 

          Section 3.23  Hill-Burton Care.  Except as set forth in Schedule 3.23,
                        ----------------                          ------------- 
     no Subsidiary or Facility has an outstanding loan, grant or loan guarantee
     pursuant to the Hill-Burton Act (42 U.S.C. (S)291a, et seq.) and the
     transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any obligation on the
     part of the Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary to repay any such loans, grants or
     loan guarantees or provide uncompensated care in consideration thereof.

          Section 3.24  Assets Used in the Operation of the Facilities.  There
                        ----------------------------------------------        
     are no assets or properties that are used in and necessary for the conduct
     of the operations of the Facilities that are owned by Seller and the
     Subsidiaries, and which individually or in the aggregate, are necessary for
     the operation of the Facilities that are not included in the Transferred
     Assets except for such Assumed Contracts which Buyer has elected or will
     elect to reject pursuant to Section 2.18.  Except as set forth in Schedule
                                 ------------                          --------
     3.24 and subject to Section 2.18, the Transferred Assets include all assets
     ----                ------------                                           
     and properties that are properly recordable on the Balance Sheet, other
     than  assets and properties disposed of by the Seller or a Subsidiary in
     the 

                                      -67-
<PAGE>
 
     ordinary course of business since the date of the Balance Sheet and without
     violation of this Agreement.

          Section 3.25  Taxes.  All tax returns of every kind (including,
                        -----                                            
     without limitation, returns of all income taxes, franchise taxes, real and
     personal property taxes, intangibles taxes, patient revenue or other
     healthcare taxes, withholding taxes, employee compensation taxes and all
     other taxes of any kind applicable to Seller or any Subsidiary) that are
     due to have been filed in accordance with applicable laws have been duly
     filed, and all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns have been
     paid in full.

          Section 3.26  Lists of Other Data.  Schedule 2.1(f) contains a list,
                        -------------------   ---------------                 
     materially complete and correct as of the dates shown thereon, of the Other
     Assigned Contracts, and Schedules 3.26(a) through (h) contain lists or
                             -----------------         ---                 
     other information, materially complete and correct as of the dates shown
     thereon, of the following:

               (a)  The most recent regularly generated depreciation schedules
     related to tangible personal property constituting Equipment, together with
     copies of such schedules;

               (b)  A brief description of all insurance in force covering (i)
     fixed assets that would constitute Transferred Assets, or (ii) the
     operations of any Facility as of such date;

               (c)  All compensation, bonus, incentive, deferred payments,
     retirement, pension, severance, profit-sharing, stock purchase and stock
     option plans, group life, automobile, medical, dental, disability, welfare
     or other employee benefit plans or insurance policies, and other similar
     arrangements (collectively, "Employee Benefit Arrangements") generally
                                  -----------------------------            
     applicable to the Retained Employees or a substantial part thereof or
     generally applicable to the chief executive or chief financial officers, or
     a substantial part thereof, of the Facilities as of such date;

               (d)  The aggregate accrued Paid Time Off for all employees at
     each Facility, as of the date shown;

               (e)  Any contract relating to clean-up, abatement or other
     actions in connection with the remediation of any existing environmental
     liabilities or relating to the performance of any environmental audit or
     study 

                                      -68-
<PAGE>
 
     with respect to the Facilities other than with respect to the Environmental
     Survey and entered into in the three years preceding the date hereof;

               (f)  Any indenture, mortgage, loan, credit or other written
     contract under which any of the Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, is
     indebted for money borrowed or is the issuer of any note, bond, indenture
     or other evidence of indebtedness for money borrowed or guarantor of
     similar financial obligations of others, whether or not reflected on the
     Balance Sheet;

               (g)  Any contract with any bank, finance company or similar
     organization pursuant to which such organization acquires receivables from
     the Subsidiaries; and

               (h)  Any contract granting any person a lien, security interest
     or mortgage on any Transferred Asset (other than Permitted Encumbrances),
     including, without limitation, any factoring agreement or agreement for the
     assignment of accounts receivable or inventory.

          Section 3.27  Certain Transactions.  Except as set forth in Schedule
                        --------------------                          --------
     3.27, and except for remuneration as employees, since November 30, 1992 (i)
     ----                                                                       
     no Facility has been a party to any transaction or series of similar
     transactions in which the amount involved exceeds $60,000 and in which the
     chief executive officer, chief financial officer or medical director of
     such Facility has a direct or indirect material interest, and (ii) no chief
     executive officer, chief financial officer or medical director of any
     Facility has been indebted to Seller or any Subsidiary in an amount in
     excess of $60,000.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

          Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller, as of the date hereof,
     as follows, except as set forth in Schedules numbered in relation to the
     Sections set forth below:

          Section 4.1  Organization and Corporate Power.  Buyer is a corporation
                       --------------------------------                         
     duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of, and is authorized
     to exercise its corporate powers, rights and privileges and is in good
     standing in, the State of Delaware and has full corporate power to carry on
     its business as presently conducted and to own or lease and operate 

                                      -69-
<PAGE>
 
     its properties and assets now owned or leased and operated by it and to
     perform the transactions on its part contemplated by this Agreement and all
     other agreements contemplated hereby.


          Section 4.2  Buyer Subsidiaries.
                       ------------------ 

               (a)  As of each Scheduled Closing, each Buyer Subsidiary will be
     a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
     the laws of its state of incorporation.  Each Buyer Subsidiary will have,
     at the First Closing and at each Scheduled Closing thereafter, all
     requisite power and authority (corporate and otherwise) to carry on its
     business as then conducted and to own or lease and operate its properties
     and assets then owned or leased and operated by it and to perform the
     transactions on its part contemplated by this Agreement and all other
     agreements contemplated hereby.

               (b)  The board of directors of each Buyer Subsidiary and, if
     required, its shareholders, will have, by the date of the First Closing,
     duly and effectively authorized (i) the purchase of the Transferred Assets
     to be purchased by such Buyer Subsidiary; and (ii) the execution, delivery
     and performance of the Related Agreements and all other agreements
     contemplated hereby and thereby to which such Buyer Subsidiary is a party.
     No other corporate act or proceeding on the part of any Buyer Subsidiary,
     its board of directors or its shareholders will be necessary to authorize
     any Related Agreement or other agreement contemplated hereby and thereby or
     the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

               (c)  The Related Agreements and all other agreements contemplated
     hereby and thereby to which any Buyer Subsidiary is a party will, as of
     each Scheduled Closing, have been duly executed and delivered by each such
     Buyer Subsidiary, and each such agreement, when executed and delivered will
     constitute, a valid and binding obligation of such Buyer Subsidiary,
     enforceable against such Buyer Subsidiary in accordance with its terms,
     except as it may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
     moratorium or other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to
     creditors' rights generally and that the remedy of specific performance and
     injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable
     defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may
     be brought.

                                      -70-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 4.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement.  The execution,
                       ------------------------------------                 
     delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Related Agreements and
     the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
     been duly and effectively authorized by the board of directors of Buyer; no
     other corporate act or proceeding on the part of Buyer, its board of
     directors or shareholders is necessary to authorize this Agreement, any
     such Related Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
     This Agreement has been, and each of the Related Agreements contemplated
     hereby will, as of each Scheduled Closing, have been, duly executed and
     delivered by Buyer and by each applicable Buyer Subsidiary, and this
     Agreement constitutes, and each such Related Agreement when executed and
     delivered will constitute, a valid and binding obligation of Buyer and each
     Buyer Subsidiary party thereto, enforceable against Buyer and each Buyer
     Subsidiary party thereto, in accordance with its terms, except as it may be
     limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
     similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights
     generally and that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and
     other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to
     the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be brought.

          Section 4.4  Absence of Breach.  Subject to the provisions of Sections
                       -----------------                                --------
     4.5 and 4.6 below regarding private party and governmental consents, and
     ---     ---                                                             
     except for compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act and any
     regulatory or licensing Laws applicable to the businesses and assets
     represented by the Transferred Assets, the execution, delivery and
     performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the
     execution and delivery by any Buyer Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to
     which it is a party, and the performance by the Buyer Subsidiaries of the
     transactions to be performed by them and contemplated by this Agreement and
     the Related Agreements entered into by the Buyer Subsidiaries, do not, (a)
     conflict with or result in a breach of any of the provisions of Charter
     Documents of Buyer or of any of the Buyer Subsidiaries, (b) contravene any
     Law or cause the suspension or revocation of any License presently in
     effect, which affects or binds Buyer or any of the Buyer Subsidiaries or
     any of their material properties, or (c) conflict with or result in a
     breach of or default under any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any
     other agreement or instrument to which Buyer or any of the Buyer
     Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or they or any of their properties
     may be affected or bound.

                                      -71-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 4.5  Private Party Consents.  Except as set forth on Schedule
                       ----------------------                          --------
     4.5, the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and
     ---                                                                        
     the Related Agreements and the execution and delivery by any Buyer
     Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the
     performance by the Buyer Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement and the Related Agreements to be performed by the Buyer
     Subsidiaries, do not require the authorization, consent or approval of any
     non-governmental third party.

          Section 4.6  Governmental Consents.  The execution, delivery and
                       ---------------------                              
     performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the
     execution and delivery by any Buyer Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to
     which it is a party, and the performance by the Buyer Subsidiaries of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements to
     be executed, delivered or performed by the Buyer Subsidiaries,  do not
     require the authorization, consent, approval, certification, license or
     order of, or any filing with, any court or governmental agency, except for
     compliance with the HSR Act and except for such governmental
     authorizations, consents, approvals, certifications, licenses and orders
     that customarily accompany the transfer of health care facilities such as
     the Facilities.

          Section 4.7  Brokers.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7, no broker,
                       -------                          ------------            
     finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
     other fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the
     transactions contemplated hereby based upon any agreements or arrangements
     or commitments, written or oral, made by or on behalf of Buyer or any of
     its Affiliates.  Buyer shall be solely responsible for the payment of any
     such fee or commission to any person or entity listed on Schedule 4.7 as an
                                                              ------------      
     exception to the foregoing.

          Section 4.8  Qualified for Licenses.  Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary is
                       ----------------------                                 
     qualified to obtain any Licenses and program participations necessary for
     the operation by Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary of the Transferred Assets as
     of the relevant Scheduled Closing in the same manner as the Transferred
     Assets are presently operated by Seller and the Subsidiaries.

          Section 4.9  Financial Ability to Perform.  Buyer has liquid capital
                       ----------------------------                           
     or committed sources therefor sufficient to permit it to perform timely its
     obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, the payment of the
     Tentative Purchase Price to Seller at the Scheduled Closings and the other

                                      -72-
<PAGE>
 
     payments to Seller required hereunder.  Promptly after its receipt of
     letters of commitment or other documents related to the financing of its
     obligations hereunder, Buyer will provide copies of the same to Seller.

          Section 4.10  No Knowledge of Seller's Breach.  Neither Buyer nor, to
                        -------------------------------                        
     the knowledge of Buyer, any of its Affiliates has knowledge of any breach
     of any representation or warranty by Seller or of any other condition or
     circumstance that would excuse Buyer from its timely performance of its
     obligations hereunder. Buyer shall notify Seller as promptly as practicable
     if any such information comes to its attention before any relevant Closing
     Date.

          Section 4.11  No Assurance.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the
                        ------------                                         
     rates or bases used in calculating payments or reimbursements to it or a
     Buyer Subsidiary by any Payor (including but not limited to Medicare) may
     differ from the rates and bases used in calculating such payments or
     reimbursements to Seller and the Subsidiaries.  In entering into the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements,
     Buyer is relying solely on the express representations, warranties and
     covenants of Seller and the Subsidiaries contained in this Agreement and
     the Related Agreements and upon no other representations or statements of
     Seller, the Subsidiaries or any of their representatives, and acknowledges
     and agrees that nothing in this Agreement or the Related Agreements shall
     be deemed to create any implied duty, disclosure obligation or
     responsibility on the part of Seller or the Subsidiaries.  Buyer further
     acknowledges that during the course of the due diligence investigation,
     material information related to the matters that are the subject of the
     Unusual Proceedings may not have been discovered by or disclosed to it.
     Seller represents and warrants that, at those scheduled confidential
     meetings held among counsel for Buyer and Seller on the dates referenced in
     Schedule 4.11, which meetings were held for the purpose of conducting
     -------------                                                        
     Buyer's due diligence regarding the Unusual Proceedings, statements of fact
     concerning the Unusual Proceedings made by Seller's counsel present at such
     meetings were not materially inaccurate.

                                   ARTICLE 5
                            COVENANTS OF EACH PARTY

          Section 5.1  Efforts to Consummate Transactions.  Subject to the terms
                       ----------------------------------                       
     and conditions herein provided including, without limitation, Articles 8
                                                                   ----------
     and 9 hereof, each of the parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable
         -                                                                

                                      -73-
<PAGE>
 
     commercial efforts to take, or to cause to be taken, all reasonable actions
     and to do, or to cause to be done, all reasonable things necessary, proper
     or advisable under applicable Laws to consummate and make effective, as
     soon as reasonably practicable, the Transactions contemplated hereby,
     including the satisfaction of all conditions thereto set forth herein. Such
     actions shall include, without limitation, exerting their reasonable
     efforts to obtain the consents, authorizations and approvals of all private
     parties and governmental authorities whose consent is reasonably necessary
     to effectuate the Transactions contemplated hereby, and effecting all other
     necessary registrations and filings, including but not limited to filings
     under Laws relating to the transfer or obtaining of necessary Licenses,
     under the HSR Act and all other necessary filings with governmental
     authorities. Inasmuch as the Transactions in respect of the First
     Facilities may be consummated without regard to consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by the Subsequent Facilities Agreement, the
     parties hereby agree that, in order potentially to expedite the timing of
     the First Closing, the parties will make separate filings under the HSR Act
     with respect to the First Facilities. The foregoing notwithstanding, it
     shall be the responsibility of Buyer to use its reasonable commercial
     efforts and to act diligently and at its expense to obtain any
     authorizations, approvals and consents in connection with acquiring
     Licenses and program participations that will permit it to operate the
     Facilities after the Scheduled Closings, provided that Buyer will seek to
                                              --------                        
     obtain Licenses and program participations subject to the existing
     conditions under which the Subsidiaries operate the Facilities and will not
     seek to change the same until the Transferred Assets and Assumed
     Liabilities respecting the Facilities in question have been transferred to
     and assumed by Buyer. Seller and its Subsidiaries shall cooperate with
     Buyer's efforts to obtain the requisite regulatory consents, provided
     neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be obligated to incur any
     liabilities or assume any obligations in connection therewith. Other than
     Buyer's and Seller's obligations under Section 5.5, neither party shall
                                            -----------                     
     have any liability to the other if, after using its reasonable commercial
     efforts (and, in the case of Buyer's efforts to obtain requisite Licenses,
     acting diligently), it is unable to obtain any consents, authorizations or
     approvals necessary for such party to consummate the Transactions.  As used
     herein, the terms "reasonable commercial efforts" or "reasonable efforts"
                        -----------------------------      ------------------ 
     do not include the provision of any consideration to any third party or the
     suffering of any economic detriment to a party's ongoing operations for the
     procurement of any such consent, authorization or approval except for the
     costs of gathering and supplying data or other information or making any
     filings, fees and 

                                      -74-
<PAGE>
 
     expenses of counsel and consultants and for customary fees and charges of
     governmental authorities and accreditation organizations.

          Section 5.2  Cooperation; Regulatory Filings.  Prior to and after the
                       -------------------------------                         
     Final Closing, upon prior reasonable written request, each party agrees to
     cooperate with the other in every reasonable commercial way to consummate
     the Transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all analyses, appearances,
     presentations, memoranda, briefs, arguments, opinions and proposals made or
     submitted by or on behalf of either party hereto in connection with
     proceedings under or relating to the HSR Act or any other federal or state
     antitrust or fair trade law, or made or submitted by or on behalf of Buyer
     in connection with proceedings to obtain the Licenses and program
     participations referred to in Section 5.1 hereof, shall be subject to the
                                   -----------                         
     joint approval or disapproval and the joint control of Buyer and Seller,
     acting with the advice of their respective counsel, it being the intent of
     the foregoing that the parties hereto will consult and cooperate with one
     another, and consider in good faith the views of one another, in connection
     with any such analysis, presentation, memorandum, brief, argument,
     appearance, opinion or proposal; provided that nothing herein shall prevent
                                      --------                    
     either party hereto or any of their Affiliates or their authorized
     representatives from (a) making or submitting any such analysis,
     appearance, presentation, memorandum, brief, argument, opinion or proposal
     in response to a subpoena or other legal process or as otherwise required
     by Law, or (b) submitting factual information to the United States
     Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission, any other governmental
     agency or any court or administrative law judge in response to a request
     therefor or as otherwise required by Law.

          Section 5.3  Further Assistance.  From time to time, at the reasonable
                       ------------------                                       
     request of either party, whether on or after a Scheduled Closing, without
     further consideration, either party, at its expense and within a reasonable
     amount of time after request hereunder is made, shall execute and deliver
     such further instruments of assignment, transfer and assumption and take
     such other action as may be reasonably required to more effectively assign
     and transfer the Transferred Assets to, and vest the Assumed Liabilities
     in, Buyer, deliver or make the payment of the Purchase Price to Seller or
     any amounts due from one party to the other pursuant to the terms of this
     Agreement or confirm Seller's ownership of the Excluded Assets and
     obligations with respect to the Excluded Liabilities.

                                      -75-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 5.4  Cooperation Respecting Proceedings.  After the Scheduled
                       ----------------------------------                      
     Closings, upon prior reasonable written request, each party shall cooperate
     with the other, at the requesting party's expense (but including only out-
     of-pocket expenses to third parties and not the costs incurred by any party
     for the wages or other benefits paid to its officers, directors or
     employees), in furnishing information, testimony and other assistance in
     connection with any inquiries, actions, tax or Cost Report audits,
     proceedings, arrangements or disputes involving either of the parties
     hereto (other than in connection with disputes between the parties hereto)
     and based upon contracts, arrangements or acts of Seller or any of the
     Subsidiaries which were in effect or occurred on or prior to any Scheduled
     Closing and which relate to the Transferred Assets, including, without
     limitation, arranging discussions with (and the calling as witness of)
     officers, directors, employees, agents, and representatives of Buyer.

          Section 5.5  Expenses.  Whether or not the Transactions contemplated
                       --------                                               
     hereby are consummated, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all
     costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
     expenses.  Notwithstanding the foregoing:

               (a)  Costs associated with preliminary title reports and title
     policies shall be borne by Seller up to the costs that would have been
     incurred had the title policies been standard coverage policies of title
     insurance, and the remaining costs, if any, including costs for Extended
     Coverage and any surveys in connection therewith, shall be borne by Buyer;

               (b)  All costs of the Environmental Survey referred to in Section
                                                                         -------
     6.2(b) shall be borne one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller, other than
     ------                                                                    
     any cost incurred in connection with any "Phase II" investigation conducted
     by Buyer's environmental consultant (which shall be borne by Buyer);

               (c)  All escrow charges, appraisal fees, and charges of any
     neutral independent public accountant or mediator, and related costs, shall
     be borne one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller (it being agreed that
     each party shall bear the costs of its own independent public accountant or
     designated mediator);

                                      -76-
<PAGE>
 
               (d)  All recording costs and charges respecting real property
     will be borne one-half by Seller and one-half by Buyer;

               (e)  All transfer taxes respecting real property will be borne
     one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller;

               (f) All fees and expenses relating to the filings under the HSR
     Act shall be borne by the party incurring such fees and expenses;

               (g)  All fees and charges of governmental authorities and
     accreditation agencies in connection with the transfer, issuance or
     authorization of any License, accreditation or program participation shall
     be borne by Buyer;

               (h)  All fees or costs associated with the issuance of any bond
     or the establishment of any escrow required by Section 2.10(a) shall be
                                                    ---------------         
     borne by Buyer;

               (i)  All fees, charges or costs (other than internal costs of
     Seller or any Subsidiary), including auditing fees and expenses, incurred
     as a result of Buyer's compliance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
     as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
     regulations thereunder, shall be borne by Buyer;

               (j)  Out-of-pocket costs incurred by Seller and the Subsidiaries
     in connection with providing transitional assistance to Buyer shall be
     borne by Buyer, whether such assistance is provided before or after a
     Scheduled Closing, including costs associated with attendance at meetings
     requested by Buyer;

               (k)  All liabilities or obligations of Seller or a Subsidiary for
     Taxes in the nature of sales taxes incurred as a result of the sale of the
     Transferred Assets hereunder to Buyer shall be borne one-half by Seller and
     one-half by Buyer; and

               (l)  All fees, charges and costs of economists and other experts,
     if any, jointly retained by Buyer and Seller in connection with submissions
     made to any government agency and advice in connection therewith respecting
     approval of the Transactions, including proceedings under the HSR Act, will
     be borne one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller.

                                      -77-
<PAGE>
 
     All such charges and expenses shall be promptly settled between the parties
     at the relevant Scheduled Closing or upon termination or expiration of
     further proceedings under this Agreement, or with respect to such charges
     and expenses not determined as of such time, as soon thereafter as is
     reasonably practicable.

          Section 5.6  Announcements; Confidentiality.  Prior to the Final
                       ------------------------------                     
     Closing Date, no press or other public announcement, or public statement or
     comment in response to any inquiry, relating to the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement shall be issued or made by Buyer or Seller
     or any Subsidiary without the joint approval of Buyer and Seller; provided
                                                                       --------
     that a press release or other public announcement, regulatory filing,
     statement or comment made without such joint approval shall not be in
     violation of this Section if it is made in order to comply with applicable
     securities Laws or stock exchange policies and in the reasonable judgment
     of the party making such release or announcement, based upon advice of
     counsel, prior review and joint approval, despite reasonable efforts to
     obtain the same, would prevent dissemination of such release or
     announcement in a timely enough fashion to comply with such Laws or
     policies, provided that in all instances prompt notice from one party to
               --------                                                      
     the other shall be given with respect to any such release, announcement,
     statement or comment.  Subject to the foregoing, the parties hereto
     recognize and agree that all information, instruments, documents and
     details concerning the businesses of Buyer, Seller and the Subsidiaries are
     strictly confidential, and Seller and Buyer expressly covenant and agree
     with each other that, prior to and after the Scheduled Closings, they will
     not, nor will they allow any of their respective officers, directors,
     employees, representatives or agents (including professional advisors) to
     disclose or publicly comment upon any matters relating to the business of
     the other or relating to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the
     terms, timing or progress of the transactions contemplated hereby, or its
     negotiation, terms, provisions or conditions, including Purchase Price,
     except for disclosure to their respective professional advisors and lenders
     or prospective financing sources (each of whom shall agree not to disclose
     the same) which is reasonably necessary to effectuate the Transactions
     contemplated hereby and in a manner consistent with the provisions of this
     Agreement.  Each party shall keep all information (i) obtained from the
     other either before or after the date of this Agreement, or (ii) related to
     Buyer's proposed purchase of the Transferred Assets, Seller's proposed sale
     of the Transferred Assets, the contents of this Agreement or the
     negotiation of this Agreement confidential, and neither party shall reveal
     such information to, nor produce 

                                      -78-
<PAGE>
 
     copies of any written information for, any person outside its management
     group or its professional advisors (including lenders and prospective
     financing sources) without the prior written consent of the other party,
     unless such party is compelled to disclose such information by judicial or
     administrative process or by any other requirements of Law or disclosure is
     reasonably necessary to obtain a License or a consent listed on the
     Schedule of Required Consents. If the Transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement should fail to close for any reason, each party shall return to
     the other as soon as practicable all originals and copies of written
     information provided to such party by or on behalf of the other party and
     none of such information shall be used by either party, or their employees,
     agents or representatives in the business operations of any person.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) each party's obligations under this
     Section shall not apply to any information or document which is or becomes
     available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by the other
     party in violation of this Agreement or other obligation of confidentiality
     under which such information may be held or becomes available to the party
     on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the other party or its
     officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents and (ii) without
     the prior written consent of Seller, or except as may be required by Law
     (as determined by the written opinion of independent counsel in form and
     substance satisfactory to Seller) the schedules to this Agreement shall not
     be disclosed to or filed with any person (including any governmental entity
     or regulatory board) if such filing or disclosure could result in such
     schedules becoming available to the public. The parties' obligations under
     this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Nothing in
     this Section shall, or is intended to, impair or modify any of the rights
     or obligations of Buyer or its Affiliates under that certain letter
     agreement dated as of September 15, 1993, all of which remain in effect
     until termination of such letter agreement in accordance with its terms.

          Section 5.7  Preservation of and Access to Certain Records.
                       --------------------------------------------- 

               (a)  As set forth in Section 2.2(e), all or any portion of the
                                            ------                           
     medical, clinical and other records directly or indirectly associated with
     the admission, care and treatment of patients on or prior to the relevant
     Closing Date on which the relevant Facility is transferred (collectively,
     for all Facilities, the "Patient Records") and all financial and other
                              ---------------                              
     records of, or located at, a Facility for the period ending on or prior to
     the relevant Closing Date, whether or not maintained at or by a Facility
     (the Patient Records and such other records for all Facilities are
     collectively referred to 

                                      -79-
<PAGE>
 
     as the "Hospital Records") shall be Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding the
             ----------------                    
     foregoing, the parties will cooperate in providing copies and access to
     such records as set forth below.

               (b)  Notwithstanding that the Hospital Records are Excluded
     Assets, to the extent required by applicable Law or at Seller's election,
     Seller may choose not to remove the Hospital Records from a transferred
     Facility or otherwise acquire possession of them after a Scheduled Closing.
     Unless and until removed by Seller, the Buyer shall, in accordance with
     applicable Laws, maintain the Hospital Records at the Facilities (or at
     such other mutually approved locations) at Buyer's cost, and as agent of
     and bailee for Seller, until the expiration of seven (7) years from the
     relevant Scheduled Closing (and, if at the expiration thereof any tax or
     Payor audit or judicial proceeding is in progress or the applicable statute
     of limitations has been extended, for such longer period as such audit or
     proceeding is in progress or such statutory period is extended)(the
     "Document Retention Period").  After a Scheduled Closing and subject to
     --------------------------                                             
     applicable Laws, Buyer shall grant Seller full access to the Hospital
     Records (including any Patient Records) as needed for any lawful purpose
     (including Seller's inspection and copying of same), and Seller shall have
     the same rights of access to inspect and copy (at Seller's cost) any or all
     of the Hospital Records that Seller had prior to the Scheduled Closing.
     Buyer shall instruct the appropriate employees of the Facilities to
     cooperate in providing access to such records to Seller and its authorized
     representatives as contemplated herein.  Access to such records shall be,
     wherever reasonably possible, during normal business hours, with reasonable
     prior written notice to Buyer of the time when such access shall be needed.
     Seller's employees, representatives and agents shall conduct themselves in
     such a manner so that Buyer's normal business activities shall not be
     unduly or unnecessarily disrupted.  After the expiration of the
     aforementioned Document Retention Period, Buyer shall not, without ninety-
     one (91) days' prior written notification to Seller, destroy any Hospital
     Records in its possession.  Within ninety (90) days after its receipt of
     such notice of intent to destroy, Seller shall have the right, at its own
     expense, to require Buyer to deliver any such records to Seller in
     accordance with Seller's reasonable instructions.  Buyer shall adopt a
     record retention policy with respect to the Hospital Records which requires
     that all Hospital Records be maintained for the Document Retention Period
     and destroyed only after compliance with the notice provisions of this
     Subsection (b) (including the passage of time), and shall take all
     --------------                                                    
     reasonable steps necessary to inform its employees of such policy.

                                      -80-
<PAGE>
 
               (c)  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Seller shall have the
     right to remove, and may remove, from time to time on or prior to the
     relevant Closing Date and during the Document Retention Period any or
     all of the Hospital Records.  In the event of Seller's removal of any
     Hospital Records from a Facility, it shall, at Seller's cost and subject to
     applicable Laws, provide Buyer with copies (or originals, if required by
     applicable law or accreditation standards) of the following Hospital
     Records if Buyer elects to retain such copies:  (i) the Patient Records for
     patients who are patients of the Facilities at the relevant Scheduled
     Closing or who are the subject of Receivables transferred to Buyer
     hereunder, (ii) the personnel records of the Hired Employees, and (iii) any
     records Buyer would be required to have to comply with accreditation
     standards.  If the Hospital Records are removed by Seller, then it shall
     maintain such Hospital Records at its expense during such period of time
     and at such location as is deemed appropriate by Seller in its sole and
     absolute discretion.  For so long as the Hospital Records are maintained by
     Seller, Seller shall make Hospital Records (other than those protected by
     or subject to the attorney-client privilege) available to Buyer, subject to
     applicable Laws, as needed by Buyer for any lawful purpose and if
     reasonably necessary to permit Buyer to operate the Facilities or other
     Transferred Assets.  Seller shall instruct its appropriate employees to
     cooperate in providing access to such records to Buyer and its authorized
     representatives as contemplated herein.  Buyer's access to such Hospital
     Records shall be during normal business hours, with reasonable prior
     written notice to Seller of the time when such access shall be needed.
     Buyer may make copies of or extracts from any such Hospital Records to
     which Buyer has access hereunder at Buyer's sole cost and expense.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer's access to, or right to copies of,
     any Patient Records shall be subject to any applicable Law, accreditation
     standard or rule of confidentiality or privilege.

               (d)  After Closing, Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiary
     shall have the right to assign to an entity which purchases from Buyer or a
     Buyer Subsidiary a Facility or substantially all the assets of a Facility,
     all of the rights of Buyer under this Section 5.7, provided that such
                                           -----------                    
     entity expressly assumes all obligations of Buyer under this Section 5.7
                                                                  -----------
     with respect to the purchased Facility.

                                   ARTICLE 6
                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SELLER

          Seller hereby additionally covenants, promises and agrees as follows:

                                      -81-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 6.1  Conduct Pending Closing.  Prior to consummation of the
                       -----------------------                               
     Transactions contemplated hereby or the termination or expiration of this
     Agreement pursuant to its terms, unless Buyer shall otherwise consent in
     writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and
     except for actions taken pursuant to Assumed Contracts, or which arise from
     or are related to the anticipated transfer of the Transferred Assets, the
     conduct or resolution of the Unusual Proceedings or effectuation of ongoing
     compliance programs, or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or
     disclosed in Schedule 6.1 or another Schedule to this Agreement, Seller
                  ------------                                              
     shall, and shall cause the Subsidiaries to:

               (a)  Conduct the business represented by, and otherwise deal
     with, the Transferred Assets only in the usual and ordinary course,
     materially consistent with practices followed prior to the execution of
     this Agreement;

               (b)  Use reasonable efforts to keep intact the Transferred Assets
     and the business they represent and to preserve relationships beneficial to
     such business that doctors, patients, Payors, suppliers, employees and
     others have with the Facilities;

               (c)  Except as required by their terms, not amend, terminate,
     renew, fail to renew or renegotiate any material contract, except in the
     ordinary course of business and consistent with practices of the recent
     past, or default (or take or omit to take any action that, with or without
     the giving of notice or passage of time, would constitute a default) in any
     of its obligations under any such contracts, that would be an Assumed
     Contract as of the date hereof;

               (d)  Not (i) sell, lease, transfer or dispose of, or make any
     contract for the sale, lease, transfer or disposition of, any assets or
     properties which would be included in the Transferred Assets in an amount
     in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate (other than sales in the ordinary
     course of business); (ii) incur, assume, guaranty, or otherwise become
     liable in respect of any indebtedness for money borrowed which would result
     in Buyer assuming such liability hereunder after the Closing; (iii)
     purchase or make any contract for the purchase of a material amount of
     assets or properties which would be included in the Transferred Assets
     (other than purchases in the ordinary course of business and other than
     capital expenditures within the aggregate thresholds set forth in clause
     (v) below); (iv) accelerate or delay the purchase of Inventory, or the

                                      -82-
<PAGE>
 
     payment of amounts due to or from the Subsidiaries in a manner inconsistent
     with past practice; (v) make any new commitments which would require an
     expenditure of more than $50,000 in the aggregate other than in the
     ordinary course of business; (vi) encumber or voluntarily subject to any
     lien any Transferred Asset (except for Permitted Encumbrances); or (vii)
     assign or transfer accounts receivable to collection agencies in a manner
     inconsistent with past practice.

               (e)  Maintain in force and effect the insurance policies
     identified in Section 3.26(b);
                   --------------- 

               (f)  Not enter into any contract or amendment of a contract that,
     had such contract or amendment been entered into prior to the date hereof,
     would have been included on Schedule 2.1(f), unless Buyer has failed to
                                 ---------------                            
     disapprove of such contract or amendment in a written notice to Seller
     given within two (2) business days of Seller's written notice to Buyer of
     such contract or amendment accompanied by a copy thereof, provided that
                                                               --------     
     Buyer's disapproval of such contract or amendment shall not be
     unreasonable, and provided further that any contract entered into in
                       --------                                          
     violation of this Section 6.1(f) shall be subject to the provisions of
                       --------------                                      
     Section 2.18;
     ------------ 

               (g)  Not grant any general or uniform increase in the rates of
     pay or benefits to Retained Employees (or a class thereof) or any increase
     in salary or benefits of any chief executive or financial officer of any
     Facility, except for compensation previously agreed to prior to the date
     hereof; or

               (h)  Subject to Section 6.3, not take any action which would
                               -----------                                 
     cause any of Seller's representations and warranties set forth in Article 3
                                                                       ---------
     to be false as of the relevant Scheduled Closing;

     provided that nothing in this Section shall (i) obligate Seller or any
     --------                                                              
     Subsidiary to make expenditures other than in the ordinary course of
     business and consistent with practices of the recent past or to otherwise
     suffer any economic detriment, (ii) preclude Seller from paying, prepaying
     or otherwise satisfying any liability which, if outstanding as of a Closing
     Date, would be an Assumed Liability or an Excluded Liability, (iii)
     preclude Seller from incurring any liabilities or obligations to any third
     party in connection with obtaining such party's consent to any transaction
     contemplated by this Agreement or the Related Agreements provided such
                                                              --------     

                                      -83-
<PAGE>
 
     liabilities and obligations under this clause (iii) shall be Excluded
                                            ------------                  
     Liabilities pursuant to Section 2.4(h) hereof if not approved in advance by
                             --------------                                     
     Buyer (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), or (iv) preclude
     Seller from instituting or completing any program designed to promote
     compliance or comply with Laws or other good business practices respecting
     the Facilities.

          Section 6.2  Access and Information; Environmental Survey; Remediation
                       ---------------------------------------------------------
     or Adjustment.
     ------------- 

               (a)  Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.6
                                                             -----------
     respecting confidentiality and provided that Buyer has complied with each
     and every provision thereof, Seller shall, and shall cause the Subsidiaries
     to, afford Buyer, and the counsel, accountants and other representatives of
     Buyer, reasonable access, throughout the period from the date hereof to the
     relevant Closing Date, to the Transferred Assets and the employees,
     personnel and medical staff associated therewith and all the properties,
     books, contracts, commitments, Cost Reports and records respecting the
     Transferred Assets (regardless of where such information, may be located)
     which Seller has or to which it has access.  Such access shall be afforded
     to Buyer after no less than 24 hours prior written notice, during normal
     business hours and only in such manner so as not to disturb patient care or
     to interfere with the normal operations of the Facilities; provided,
                                                                -------- 
     however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the provisions
     concerning nondisclosure set forth in Section 5.6, without first obtaining
                                           -----------                         
     the written consent of Mr. Donald Thayer which consent shall not be
     unreasonably withheld, neither Buyer nor its counsel, accountants and other
     representatives shall tour or visit the Facilities or contact any of the
     employees, personnel or medical staff thereof; and provided further that
                                                        --------             
     until the first to occur of the Termination Date or the Final Closing,
     under no circumstances shall Buyer directly or indirectly solicit the
     employment of any employees of Seller or its Subsidiaries, except as Hired
     Employees pursuant to the terms hereof or except as may be permitted with
     the prior written consent of a responsible officer of Seller.  Seller's
     covenants under this Section are made with the understanding that Buyer
     shall use all such information in compliance with all Laws.  The foregoing
     notwithstanding, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Buyer's access to the
     books and records of the Transferred Assets shall not include access to,
     and Seller shall not have any obligation to deliver to Buyer, any
     information concerning any alleged dispute or any pending litigation,
     investigation or proceeding involving Seller or its Affiliates that is
     protected by or subject

                                      -84-
<PAGE>
 
     to the attorney-client privilege, or the disclosure of which is restricted
     by an agreement entered into in connection with such dispute, litigation,
     investigation or proceeding or an order entered by any court, or (in the
     case of the Unusual Proceedings) certain non-public information; moreover,
     Buyer shall not have access to patient or employee records or any other
     records the disclosure of which would be prohibited by any Law,
     accreditation standards, or rule or agreement (express or implied) of
     confidentiality, except that Buyer may be granted access to such records to
     the extent they are appropriately redacted and in conformity with such
     other reasonable procedures as may be required to conform to any such
     requirements of Law, accreditation standards or rule or agreement of
     confidentiality.

               (b)  Seller has provided (or, with respect to Facility No. 30,
     will reasonably soon provide) to Buyer copies of an environmental survey
     conducted with respect to each of the Facilities (the "Environmental
                                                            -------------
     Survey").  The Environmental Survey was conducted by an environmental
     ------
     consulting firm or firms (the "Consultant") in accordance with applicable
                                    ----------                                
     professional standards in effect at the time the Environmental Survey was
     conducted and such reasonable procedures as were determined by Seller.  In
     the event of a disagreement between Buyer and Seller concerning the
     procedures employed by the Consultant, Buyer may at Buyer's expense employ
     a separate environmental consultant to conduct such procedures requested by
     Buyer (subject to Seller's prior approval of such procedures, which shall
     not unreasonably be withheld), and the findings of the Buyer's
     Environmental consultant shall be included as an addendum to the
     Environmental Survey.  The results of any such Environmental Survey shall
     be delivered to and owned by Seller, and all proceedings in connection with
     the Environmental Survey and the results thereof shall be subject to the
     confidentiality provisions of Section 5.6.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees
                                   -----------                                
     that the Environmental Survey is and shall be only an initial "Phase I"
     environmental site assessment.  If subsequently determined by Seller, the
     Consultant and the Buyer, to be necessary or prudent to conduct sampling,
     laboratory analyses, or additional investigation work at any of the
     Facilities, Seller shall direct the Consultant to undertake a further
     "Phase II" investigation involving additional investigation and appropriate
     sampling and laboratory analyses respecting such Facilities the results of
     which are to be included in the Environmental Survey.  In any "Phase II"
     investigation, Seller shall give Buyer no less than 24 hours' notice before
     the Consultant enters onto any Facility, and the "Phase II" Environmental
     Survey shall be conducted so as not to interfere with the
     normal operation of the Facilities.  

                                      -85-
<PAGE>
 
     Buyer shall be permitted to have one of its employees or agents present
     during all inspections of, and sample gatherings (including borings) from
     the soil or any floor tile, insulation or other internal component of, a
     Facility and shall be entitled to split samples upon Buyer's request. In
     the event that Buyer considers it necessary to conduct any "Phase II"
     investigation work that Seller refuses to order, Buyer may at Buyer's
     expense employ a separate environmental consultant to conduct such "Phase
     II" investigation work at least thirty (30) days before the First Closing.
     Buyer shall give Seller no less than 24 hours' notice before Buyer's
     environmental consultant enters onto any Facility, and any such "Phase II"
     work performed by Buyer's environmental consultant shall be conducted so as
     not to interfere with the normal operations of the Facilities. Seller shall
     be permitted to have one of its employees or agents present during all
     inspections of and sample gatherings (including borings) from the soil or
     any floor tile, insulation, or other internal component of a Facility
     performed by Buyer's environmental consultant and shall be entitled to
     split samples upon Seller's request. Buyer shall be liable for any repairs
     or other costs required to correct damage to the Facilities resulting from
     such "Phase II" investigation. The findings of any Phase II investigation
     prepared by Buyer's environmental consultant shall be included as an
     addendum to the Environmental Survey. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller
     may elect not to permit Buyer to conduct a "Phase II" investigation through
     its own environmental consultant, in which case Buyer can exclude the
     affected Facility, and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities
     respecting such Facility from the Transactions, in which case the parties
     shall negotiate in good faith an equitable adjustment to the Purchase
     Price, or if they cannot agree upon the same, such adjustment shall be
     determined in accordance with Section 2.14.
                                   ------------ 
     
               (c)  With respect to any matters disclosed by such Environmental
     Survey or listed on Schedule 3.16 that would constitute a breach of
                         -------------                                  
     Seller's warranties in Section 3.16, but for the qualifications to such
                            ------------                                    
     warranties based on Seller's knowledge or disclosures in the Environmental
     Survey or on such Schedule 3.16, Seller will at its election, either (i)
                       -------------                                         
     clean up or otherwise remediate such matters in a reasonable manner prior
     to the Closing Date related to such Facility, at its expense; or (ii) agree
     in writing prior to the Closing Date to reimburse Buyer for the costs
     specified in such written agreement of such reasonable clean-up or
     remediation incurred by Buyer after the Closing Date related to such
     Facility, and to promptly reimburse Buyer after Buyer incurs such expenses
     subsequent to the Closing Date related to such Facility; or (iii) elect to
     exclude the affected Facility, 

                                      -86-
<PAGE>
 
     and Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities respecting such Facility,
     from the Transactions, in which case the parties shall negotiate in good
     faith an equitable adjustment to the Purchase Price, or if they cannot
     agree upon the same, such adjustment shall be determined in accordance with
     Section 2.14; provided, however, that in no case will Seller be required to
     ------------  --------          
     remove or otherwise remediate (or bear the costs of same) any Hazardous
     Materials used as construction materials in structures or improvements
     constituting the Facilities, or in equipment contained therein, unless the
     current condition of such Hazardous Materials has resulted in either: (i)
     noncompliance with any Environmental Law or License issued pursuant to an
     Environmental Law; or (ii) an unreasonable hazard to human health, human
     safety or the environment.

          Section 6.3  Updating.  Seller shall notify Buyer of any changes or
                       --------                                              
     additions to any of Seller's Schedules to this Agreement with respect to a
     particular Facility or the Transferred Assets or Assumed Liabilities
     related thereto by the delivery of updates thereof, if any, as of a
     reasonably current date prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing not later
     than three (3) business days prior to the Scheduled Closing with respect to
     such Subject Transferred Assets, provided, however, that the Financial
                                      --------                             
     Schedule shall not be updated to cover any period or periods subsequent to
     the respective dates thereof.  No such updates made pursuant to this
     Section shall be deemed to cure any breach of any representation or
     warranty made in this Agreement, unless Buyer specifically agrees thereto
     in writing, nor shall any such notification be considered to constitute or
     give rise to a waiver by Buyer of any condition set forth in this
     Agreement.

          Section 6.4  No Solicitation.  Seller will not, and shall cause the
                       ---------------                                       
     Subsidiaries not to, and will use its best efforts to cause its and their
     officers, employees, agents and representatives (including any investment
     banker) not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage or initiate any
     discussions with, or, subject to fiduciary duties to shareholders,
     negotiate or otherwise deal with, or provide any information to, any
     corporation, partnership, person or other entity or group, other than Buyer
     and its officers, employees and agents, concerning any sale of or similar
     transactions involving the Transferred Assets or the stock of the
     Subsidiaries.  None of the foregoing shall prohibit providing information
     to others in a manner in keeping with the ordinary conduct of Seller's or
     the Subsidiaries' businesses.  Seller shall notify Buyer promptly of any
     inquiry, proposal or offer received by Seller concerning the sale of or
     similar transactions involving the Transferred Assets or the stock of the

                                      -87-
<PAGE>
 
     Subsidiaries.  Subject to the foregoing, in the exercise of its
     aforementioned fiduciary duties to shareholders, Seller may terminate this
     Agreement on written notice to Buyer, which termination shall have the
     effect set forth in Section 10.2, provided that upon consummation prior to
                         ------------  --------                                
     the first anniversary of this Agreement of any transaction or transactions
     with one or more third parties covering substantially all of the
     Transferred Assets, Seller shall be obligated to pay Buyer the sum of
     Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000), and provided further that the
                                                --------                 
     payment of such sum shall be deemed to constitute liquidated damages in
     lieu of any and all other liability of Seller and the Subsidiaries to Buyer
     and the Buyer Subsidiaries in connection with or related to or arising from
     this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or in connection
     with or related to or arising from the termination hereof.

          Section 6.5  Name Changes.  To the extent that the corporate names of
                       ------------                                            
     any of the Subsidiaries incorporate or are substantially similar to the
     Transferred Business Names, Seller agrees to cause the Subsidiaries
     promptly after the relevant Scheduled Closing to take all action necessary
     to change such names so as not to incorporate or be substantially similar
     to the Transferred Business Names.

          Section 6.6  Filing of Cost Reports.  Seller shall cause to be
                       ----------------------                           
     prepared and timely filed all Cost Reports and all other filings which are
     required to be filed with Medicare and any other cost-based Payors with
     respect to the operations of the Facilities for any and all periods ending
     on or prior to a relevant Closing Date.  Seller and the Subsidiaries shall
     retain all rights to any amounts receivable from Medicare or other Payors
     with respect to such reports or filings or with respect to such periods
     and, as between Buyer, on the one hand, and Seller and Subsidiaries, on the
     other, shall remain obligated for all amounts due Medicare or such other
     Payors with respect to such reports or filings or with respect to such
     periods, and the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that Buyer is not
     being assigned or otherwise receiving and is not hereby assuming any of the
     same.  Seller's rights shall include, without limitation, the right to
     dispute or to appeal any determinations relating to such reports.

          Section 6.7  Purchase of Supplies.  Buyer may request Seller or its
                       --------------------                                  
     Affiliates to permit Facilities transferred at such Scheduled Closing to
     participate in specified national purchasing contracts of Seller or its
     Affiliates for a fee to be agreed upon.  If Buyer wishes to enter into such
     an agreement with Seller, it shall notify Seller no later than five (5) 
     days 

                                      -88-
<PAGE>
 
     prior to such Scheduled Closing, and at the Scheduled Closing the
     parties shall execute a Purchasing Contract substantially in the form of
     Exhibit D hereto.  Schedule 6.7 lists all of the national purchasing
     ---------          ------------                                     
     contracts of Seller and its Affiliates in effect as of the date thereof
     which do not preclude participation by persons which are not Affiliates of
     Seller.

          Section 6.8  Covenant Not to Compete.
                       ----------------------- 

               (a)  Covenant.  Subject to the further provisions of this Section
                    --------                                             -------
     6.8, during the "Covenant Period" (as defined in Section 6.8(d)), none of
     ---                                              --------------          
     the Subsidiaries, Seller or any other subsidiaries of Seller in which
     Seller owns a majority of the voting interests (collectively, "Covered
                                                                    -------
     Parties") shall, directly or indirectly (whether through a majority-owned
     -------                                                                  
     subsidiary or otherwise), in any Specified Capacity (as defined in this
     Section 6.8), engage in the business of delivering mental health or alcohol
     -----------                                                                
     or substance abuse services through the operation of a hospital or
     otherwise, including without limitation through the delivery of inpatient,
     partial hospitalization, residential or outpatient services (as limited by
     the provisions of Section 6.8(b), a "Competing Business").  For purposes
                       --------------     ------------------                 
     hereof, the term "Specified Capacity" shall mean, subject to Section
                       ------------------                         -------
     6.8(b), each of the following capacities:
     ------

                     (i)  As an operator, manager or sole owner of the Competing
          Business, whether directly or indirectly;

                    (ii)  As a constituent partner, joint venturer or equity
          shareholder of an entity engaged in the Competing Business if the
          voting equity interest held is greater than 10% of all voting equity
          interests in such entity;

                   (iii)  As a lender of money to, or a guarantor of
          indebtedness for money borrowed by, any other entity engaged in a
          Competing Business in a principal amount in excess of $1,000,000,
          except for (A) loans or guarantees made in the ordinary course of
          business and not as an investment in such entity; (B) loans or
          guarantees made or entered into in connection with the sale of a
          Competing Business by a Covered Party; or (C) loans represented by
          publicly traded instruments.

               (b)  Exceptions.  The provisions of this Section 6.8 shall not
                    ----------                          -----------          
     apply to and shall not prohibit the following:

                                      -89-
<PAGE>
 
                    (i)  Psychiatric Facilities and Contracts Not Acquired By
                         ----------------------------------------------------
          Buyer.  The conduct of a Competing Business from any facility
          -----                                                        
          (including renovations and expansions thereof) at which a Covered
          Party, in any Specified Capacity, primarily engages in a Competing
          Business as of the Final Closing, or pursuant to any contract
          (including modifications, extensions and renewals thereof) under which
          a Covered Party, in any Specified Capacity, engages in a Competing
          Business as of the Final Closing,  if (A) such facility, contract or
          Specified Capacity is not acquired or assumed by Buyer or a Buyer
                                ---                                        
          Subsidiary pursuant to this Agreement, or (B) such facility, contract
          or Specified Capacity, is, after the Final Closing, reacquired by a
          Covered Party from Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary pursuant to this
          Agreement;

                    (ii)  Facilities Outside Geographic Area.  The conduct of a
                          ----------------------------------                   
          Competing Business from any location that is not within twenty-five
          (25) miles of a Facility (not including satellite locations) that (A)
          was acquired by Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary pursuant to this
          Agreement, and (B) at the time in question, is still owned, operated
          or managed by Buyer or by a person or entity which, directly or
          indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with
          Buyer (Facilities meeting the requirements of both clauses (A) and (B)
                                                                     ---     ---
          being herein referred to as "Covered Facilities");
                                       ------------------   

                    (iii)  Acute Hospitals.  The conduct of a Competing Business
                           ---------------                                      
          from or through any hospital, commonly referred to as an acute care
          hospital, that is licensed to provide general medical and surgical
          services, including related facilities that operate on the same campus
          as, or under the auspices of, such acute care hospital (such hospitals
          and related facilities being herein referred to as "Acute Hospitals"),
                                                              ---------------   
          including the provision of management services to an Acute Hospital,
                                                                              
          provided that the conduct of any Competing Business from or through 
          -------------                                                        
          a Specified  Acute Hospital or an Acquired Acute Hospital (as each 
          such term is defined in Section 6.8(c)) shall be subject to the 
                                  -------------- 
          further provisions of Section 6.8(c);
                                -------------- 

                    (iv)  Divestiture of Acquired Psychiatric Facilities.  Other
                          ----------------------------------------------        
          than an Acquired Acute Hospital, the conduct of a Competing Business
          in a Specified Capacity first acquired by any Covered Party after the
          date hereof as part of the acquisition of interests in healthcare
          assets other than the Competing Business, provided that 
                                                    -------------           

                                     - 90 -
<PAGE>
 
          no Covered Party engages in such Competing Business after the
          expiration of twelve (12) months from such acquisition and no such
          Competing Business is expanded during such twelve (12) month period,
          except for expansions for which regulatory approval exists, or for
          which capital expenditures have been undertaken or are in process, or
          which are required by existing contracts (together, "Permitted
                                                               ---------      
          Expansions"); or
          ----------

                    (v)  Acquiring Entities.  The conduct of a Competing
                         ------------------                             
          Business for, on behalf of, or by (A) any entity that is not a Covered
          Party that acquires majority ownership or substantially all the assets
          of a Covered Party after the date hereof, (B) any entity that is not a
          Covered Party that acquires a Competing Business from a Covered Party
          after the date hereof, (C) any surviving entity (other than a Covered
          Party) of a consolidation, merger, reorganization or spinoff (each, a
          "Reorganization") involving a Covered Party as a result of which
           --------------                                                 
          shareholders directly or indirectly owning a majority of such Covered
          Party immediately before such Reorganization do not own a majority of
          such surviving entity immediately after such Reorganization, or (D)
          any majority-owned subsidiary of any such acquiring or surviving
          entity that is not a Covered Party.

               (c)  Acute Hospital Affiliations.  With respect to an Acute
                    ---------------------------                           
     Hospital listed on Schedule 6.8(c) (a "Specified Acute Hospital"), and
                        ---------------     ------------------------       
     except as set forth below, the exception provided by Section 6.8(b)(iii)
                                                          -------------------
     above shall apply but only to the extent such Specified Acute Hospital
     conducts a Competing Business (including Permitted Expansions, the
                                                                       
     "Exempted Competing Business") on the Scheduled Closing Date with respect
     -----------------------------                                            
     to the Facility shown on Schedule 6.8(c) as the Specified Acute Hospital's
                              ---------------                                  
     "Affiliation Facility."  On and after such Scheduled Closing Date, a
     Specified Acute Hospital shall not expand its services or its Competing
     Business beyond the Exempted Competing Business except in accordance with,
     and subject to, clauses (i) through (iii) below.  With respect to any Acute
                     -----------         -----                                  
     Hospital acquired by a Covered Party after the date of this Agreement and
     which is within twenty (20) miles of a Covered Facility (an "Acquired Acute
                                                                  --------------
     Hospital"), the exception provided by Section 6.8(b)(iii) shall apply but
     ----------                            -------------------
     only to the extent of such Acquired Acute Hospital's Exempted Competing
     Business on the date the acquisition of such Acquired Acute Hospital is
     consummated (the "Acquisition Date"). On and after such Acquisition Date,
                       ----------------
     an Acquired Acute Hospital shall not expand its services or its Competing
     Business beyond the Exempted Competing 

                                     - 91 -
<PAGE>
 
     Business except in accordance with, and subject to, clauses (i) through
                                                         -----------
     (iii) below.
     -----       

                    (i)  Seller or its relevant Affiliate must first provide
          Buyer notice that it proposes to expand its services or Competing
          Business beyond the Exempted Competing Business, and shall briefly
          describe the nature and scope of the expanded Competing Business in
          which it proposes to engage.  Within thirty (30) days following its
          receipt of such notice, Buyer shall cause (A) the Affiliation Facility
          with respect to a Specified Acute Hospital (as noted in Schedule
                                                                  --------
          6.8(c)) to offer the Specified Acute Hospital the opportunity to enter
          ------                                                                
          into an affiliation agreement with its Affiliation Facility, or (B)
          the closest Covered Facility with respect to an Acquired Acute
          Hospital to offer the Acquired Acute Hospital the opportunity to enter
          into an affiliation agreement.  All affiliation agreements must be on
          customary industry terms, pursuant to which the relevant Covered
          Facility will agree to provide all services comprising the expanded
          Competing Business to Payors and patients of, and to subscribers or
          other participants in services or programs provided by, the Acute
          Hospital at the Covered Facility's usual and customary prices, terms
          and conditions which the parties shall negotiate expeditiously and in
          good faith.  The term of the affiliation agreement shall be for the
          Covenant Period for such Specified or  Acquired Acute Hospital and
          shall give the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute Hospital, as
          the case may be, the right to extend the agreement for two successive
          one-year periods.

                    (ii)  The Covered Facility must have the capacity to provide
          the desired services in a quantity and manner comparable to the
          quantity and manner in which such services are proposed to be provided
          by the Specified or Acquired Acute Hospital.

                    (iii)  The entry into such affiliation agreement by the
          Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute Hospital, and the
          performance thereof by the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute
          Hospital (including, without limitation, the failure to provide
          such Competing Business by the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired
          Acute Hospital) will not violate or conflict with, or cause a default
          under, the terms of any License, accreditation standard or Payor
          contract to which the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute
          Hospital is then subject.

                                     - 92 -
<PAGE>
 
     If the terms and conditions set forth in clause (i) through (iii) (other
                                              ----------         -----       
     than the first sentence of clause (i)) are not met as to the expanded
                                ----------                                
     Competing Business of a Specified or Acquired Acute Hospital, the exception
     provided by Section 6.8(b)(iii) above shall apply to such expanded
                 -------------------                                   
     Competing Business of such Specified or Acquired Acute Hospital.

               (d)  Covenant Period.  The term of the covenant (the "Covenant
                    ---------------                                  --------
     Period") set forth in Section 6.8(a) shall expire on the third anniversary
     ------                --------------                                      
     of the Final Closing, except (i) as to a Specified Acute Hospital, the
     covenant shall expire on the earlier of the third anniversary of the Final
     Closing or the date on which such Specified Acute Hospital's Affiliation
     Facility is no longer a Covered Facility, and (ii) as to an Acquired Acute
     Hospital, the covenant shall expire on the earlier of the third anniversary
     of the Final Closing or the second anniversary of the Acquisition Date for
     such Acquired Acute Hospital.

               (e)  Severability.  To the extent that this covenant or any
                    ------------                                          
     provision of this Section 6.8 shall be deemed illegal or unenforceable by a
                       -----------                                              
     court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction with respect to (i) any
     geographic area, (ii) any part of the time period covered by this covenant,
     (iii) any activity or Specified Capacity covered by this covenant, or (iv)
     any other aspect of this covenant, such determination shall not affect this
     covenant with respect to any other geographic area, time period, activity
     or other aspect covered by this covenant.

               (f)  Injunctive Relief.  Each of the parties to this Agreement
                    -----------------                                        
     acknowledges that (i) the covenant and restrictions contained in this
                                                                          
     Section 6.8 are necessary, fundamental and required for the protection of
     -----------                                                              
     the business of Buyer and its operation (through the Buyer Subsidiaries) of
     the Facilities; (ii) this covenant relates to matters which are of a
     special character and which give this covenant a special value; and (iii) a
     breach of the covenant contained in this Section 6.8 will result in
                                              -----------               
     irreparable harm and damages to Buyer and Buyer Subsidiaries which cannot
     be adequately compensated for by a monetary award.  Accordingly, it is
     expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available in law or
     in equity, Buyer and Buyer Subsidiaries shall be entitled to the remedy of
     a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or such other form of
     injunctive or equitable relief as may be issued by any court of competent
     jurisdiction to restrain or enjoin a Covered Party from breaching this
     covenant or any provision of this Section 6.8 or otherwise to specifically
                                       -----------                             
     enforce the provisions of this covenant.

                                     - 93 -
<PAGE>
 
               (g)  Value:  The parties agree that the value of the covenant
                    -----                                                   
     contained in this Section 6.8 is the value assigned to it in Section 2.5
                       -----------                                -----------
     and that each will account for and report the value of such covenant in
     accordance with such valuation and all of the terms and provisions of
                                                                          
     Section 2.7.
     ----------- 

          Section 6.9  Audited Statements.  Prior to and after any relevant
                       ------------------                                  
     Scheduled Closing, Seller shall make the books and records (other than
     those protected by or subject to the attorney-client privilege) and
     unaudited financial statements of the Subsidiaries which are related to the
     Facilities and are for periods prior to such Scheduled Closing available to
     Buyer and Buyer's and Seller's independent accountants at reasonable times
     and in a manner so as to not unduly interfere with Seller's operations, and
     otherwise cooperate with Buyer in order to permit an audit of the
     Subsidiaries' financial statements for periods prior to such Scheduled
     Closing.  Seller shall reasonably cooperate in assisting Buyer in obtaining
     and preparing all necessary information for the timely filing of any
     documents required to be filed by Buyer under the Securities Exchange Act
     of 1934 related to the transactions contemplated hereby.  Without limiting
     the effect of Section 5.5 of this Agreement, the audit and the out-of-
                   -----------                                            
     pocket costs of Seller's cooperation in obtaining and preparing any
     information (including, without limitation, all services of Seller's
     independent accountants rendered in connection therewith) will be paid for
     by Buyer.

          Section 6.10  Post-Closing Insurance.  Seller for five years after the
                        ----------------------                                  
     Final Closing, shall maintain its existing comprehensive general liability
     and hospital professional liability insurance coverages with respect to the
     Facilities for all periods prior to the Closing in substantially their
     present form as described on Schedule 3.26(b) (the "Insurance Program"),
                                  ----------------       -----------------   
     provided that (a) Seller shall have the right to reduce (but not increase
     beyond $2,000,000 per occurrence) the existing deductible under the
     Insurance Program and (b) shall have the right to cancel or terminate, or
     have cancelled or terminated, the coverages under the Insurance Program
     so long as Seller acquires (from (i) its present insurance company or (ii)
     another reasonably acceptable insurance company under a reasonably
     acceptable policy) an extended discovery period of not less than five years
     after any such cancellation or termination for periods prior to the Final
     Closing.  Such Insurance Program, if maintained, shall be maintained at
     Seller's expense, and if such Insurance Program is maintained Seller shall
     cause Buyer and each Buyer Subsidiary to be named as an additional insured
     with respect to the applicable Facility and Seller shall provide Buyer with
     copies 

                                     - 94 -
<PAGE>
 
     thereof and copies of renewals prior to the expiration of the prior policy
     or policies.  Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid 
     invalidating the insurance policies referred to in this Section 6.10.
                                                             ------------ 

          Section 6.11  Use of Controlled Substance Licenses.  To the extent
                        ------------------------------------                
     permitted by Law, Buyer shall have the right, for a period not to exceed
     sixty (60) days following a relevant Scheduled Closing, to operate under
     the Licenses of the Subsidiaries relating to controlled substances and the
     operation of pharmacies, until Buyer is able to obtain such Licenses for
     itself.  Seller shall cause the pertinent Subsidiaries to execute and
     deliver to Buyer any powers of attorney and other instruments which Buyer
     or the appropriate governmental agency may reasonably require in connection
     with Buyer's use of such Licenses.  Buyer acknowledges that it shall apply
     for all such Licenses as soon as reasonably possible before or after the
     relevant Scheduled Closing and diligently pursue such applications in
     accordance with Section 5.1.
                     ----------- 

          Section 6.12  Non-Disturbance Agreements.  Seller hereby agrees to
                        --------------------------                          
     exercise its reasonable commercial efforts, prior to the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, to obtain from each existing mortgagee of each Facility identified
     below a non-disturbance agreement providing in substance that in the event
     the lessor or sublessor of such Facility defaults in its obligations to the
     mortgagee respecting indebtedness existing at the relevant Scheduled
     Closing and as a result thereof the mortgagee forecloses upon, exercises a
     power of sale or otherwise succeeds to the ownership of such property, then
     and in such event, such foreclosure or other change in ownership shall not
     terminate or affect the validity of the Real Property Lease respecting such
     Facility assigned to Buyer hereunder, provided that Buyer hereby agrees
                                           -------------                    
     that, in connection with Seller's obtaining any such non-disturbance
     agreement, Buyer will execute such reasonable agreements in favor of such
     mortgagee confirming the attornment of Buyer to such mortgagee or its
     assigns, and subordinating the Real Property Lease to the interest of such
     mortgagee, under such circumstances. In the event that Seller shall be
     unable to obtain any such non-disturbance agreement and the lessor's or
     sublessor's default under indebtedness existing at the relevant Scheduled
     Closing results in the termination of any such Real Property Lease prior to
     the expiration of the current term and any renewal terms available in the
     Real Property Lease as of the relevant Scheduled Closing, then Seller shall
     indemnify Buyer, in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.3(a)(ii),
                                                           -------------------
     for Losses arising therefrom but not in excess of the portion of the
     Purchase Price allocated to such Facility in the Allocation Schedule,
     provided that 
     -------------

                                     - 95 -
<PAGE>
 
     Buyer shall provide Seller with notice of any such default or claimed
     default by the lessor or sublessor reasonably promptly following Buyer's
     receipt of any notice or knowledge respecting same. The Facilities and Real
     Property Leases to which this Section shall apply are the Real Property
     Leases respecting the hospitals numbered as Facility Nos. 40, 44, 46, and
     49.


                                   ARTICLE 7
                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF BUYER

          Section 7.1  Waiver of Bulk Sales Law Compliance.  Subject to the
                       -----------------------------------                 
     indemnification provisions of Section 11.3(a)(iii) hereof, Buyer hereby
                                   --------------------                     
     waives compliance by Seller and the Subsidiaries with the requirements, if
     any, of Article 6 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in force in any state
     in which Transferred Assets are located and all other similar laws
     applicable to bulk sales and transfers.

          Section 7.2  Resale Certificate.  Buyer agrees to furnish to Seller
                       ------------------                                    
     and the Subsidiaries any resale certificate or certificates or other
     similar documents reasonably requested by Seller to comply with pertinent
     sales and use tax laws.

          Section 7.3  Cost Reports and Audit Contests.  After each Scheduled
                       -------------------------------                       
     Closing and for the period of time necessary to conclude any pending or
     potential audit or contest of any Cost Reports with respect to the
     Facilities transferred at such Scheduled Closing that include periods
     ending on or before the relevant Closing Date, Buyer shall (a) properly
     keep and preserve all financial books and records delivered to Buyer by
     Seller and the Subsidiaries (if any) and utilized in preparing such Cost
     Reports, including, without limitation, accounts payable invoices, Medicare
     logs and billing information in accordance with Section 5.7, and
                                                     -----------     
     (b) within five (5) days of Buyer's receipt of the same, forward to Seller
     all information received from Payors relating to periods prior to and as of
     the relevant Closing Date including, without limitation, Cost Report
     Settlements, notices of program reimbursements, demand letters for payment
     and proposed audit adjustments.  Upon reasonable written notice by Seller,
     Seller (or its agents) shall be entitled, at Seller's expense, during
     regular business hours, to have access to, inspect and make copies of all
     such books and records.  Upon the reasonable request of Seller, Buyer shall
     assist Seller and the Subsidiaries in obtaining information deemed by
     Seller to be necessary or desirable in connection with any audit or contest
     of such reports.  To the extent required 

                                     - 96 -
<PAGE>
 
     to meet its obligations under this Section, Buyer shall provide the
     reasonable support of its employees at no cost to Seller.

          Section 7.4  Tax Matters.  After each Scheduled Closing, Buyer shall
                       -----------                                            
     be responsible for causing its employees, at no cost to Seller, to assist
     Seller and the Subsidiaries, in the same manner and to the extent that
     personnel of the Facilities currently provide such assistance, in the
     preparation and filing of all returns relating to taxes imposed upon the
     businesses operated through the Transferred Assets that relate to periods
     ending on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing but are due after the
     relevant Closing Date and that are not related to Taxes included in the
     Assumed Liabilities, including without limitation, income tax and
     information returns.  It is further acknowledged by Buyer that Taxes
     (including, without limitation, the Florida indigent care tax) imposed upon
     the right or privilege to do business from the Facilities after the Closing
     shall be Buyer's responsibility even if measured by gross receipts, net
     operating revenues or patient days for a period ending on, before or
     including a Closing Date and that Taxes included in Accrued Operating
     Expenses shall be only those properly accruable, in accordance with
     generally accepted accounting principles, for the right or privilege of
     doing business through the relevant Closing Date.  Buyer further agrees to
     exercise its reasonable commercial efforts to have the income tax year of
     any venture or partnership referred to in Section 2.1(c) terminated as of
                                               --------------                 
     the relevant Scheduled Closing with respect to the pertinent Subsidiary or
     Subsidiaries transferring its interests therein.

          Section 7.5  Letters of Credit.  Subject to the terms and conditions
                       -----------------                                      
     hereof, at the relevant Scheduled Closing, Buyer shall cause letters of
     credit and indemnity or performance bonds to be provided to substitute for
     those letters of credit and bonds listed in Schedule 7.5, so that at and as
                                                 ------------                   
     of such Scheduled Closing Seller and its Affiliates shall have no further
     obligation to provide such designated letters of credit or bonds.

          Section 7.6  Conduct Pending Closing.  Prior to consummation of the
                       -----------------------                               
     Transactions contemplated hereby or the termination or expiration of this
     Agreement pursuant to its terms, unless Seller shall otherwise consent in
     writing, Buyer shall not, and shall not permit any Buyer Subsidiary to,
     take any action which would cause any of Buyer's representations and
     warranties set forth in Article 4 to be false as of the relevant Scheduled
                             ---------                                         
     Closing.

                                     - 97 -
<PAGE>
 
          Section 7.7  Securities Offerings.  Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify
                       --------------------                                   
     and hold harmless Seller and each of its Affiliates, in accordance with the
     provisions of Section 11.4(a)(ii), against any and all Losses, as incurred,
                   -------------------                                          
     arising out of the offer or sale by Buyer of securities, except to the
     extent that such Loss arises from any untrue statement or alleged untrue
     statement of a material fact contained in any such securities offering
     materials or prospectus used by Buyer or its representatives, or from the
     omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary to make
     the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
     made, not misleading, which untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
     or alleged omission is made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
     information furnished to Buyer by Seller under a cover letter from Seller's
     counsel stating that such information is expressly for use in such offering
     materials or prospectus.

                                   ARTICLE 8
                         BUYER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

          The obligations of Buyer to consummate the Transactions with respect
     to a Facility and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related
     thereto shall be subject to the requirements of Section 2.13 and to the
                                                     ------------           
     fulfillment at or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing of the following
     conditions, unless Buyer waives in writing such fulfillment:

          Section 8.1  Performance of Agreement.  Seller shall have performed in
                       ------------------------                                 
     all material respects its agreements and obligations contained in this
     Agreement required to be performed on or prior to the Scheduled Closing.

          Section 8.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.  The
                       ------------------------------------------      
     representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 3 of this
                                                           ---------        
     Agreement shall be true in all respects as of the date of this Agreement
     (unless the inaccuracy or inaccuracies which would otherwise result in a
     failure of this condition have been cured by the Scheduled Closing) and as
     of the Scheduled Closing (as updated by the revising of Schedules
     contemplated by Section 6.3) as if made as of such time, except where such
                     -----------                                               
     inaccuracy or inaccuracies would not individually or in the aggregate
     result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Facility in question.

          Section 8.3  Officers' Certificate.  Buyer shall have received from
                       ---------------------                                 
     Seller an officers' certificate, executed on Seller's behalf by its chief
     executive officer, president, chief financial officer or treasurer (in his
     or her 

                                     - 98 -
<PAGE>
 
     capacity as such) dated the Closing Date and stating that to the
     knowledge of such individual, the conditions in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 above
                                                     ------------     ---      
     have been met.

          Section 8.4  Consents.  The waiting period under the HSR Act shall
                       --------                                             
     have expired or been terminated, and, subject to the provisions of Section
                                                                        -------
     2.12,  all approvals, consents, authorizations and waivers from
     ----                                                           
     governmental and accreditation agencies the absence of which would render
     Buyer unable to operate the facility in the manner operated prior to such
     Scheduled Closing, and all approvals, consents, authorizations and waivers
     from other third parties to the extent shown on the Schedule of Required
     Consents (collectively "Consents") required for Buyer to consummate the
                             --------                                       
     Transactions with respect to such Facility, shall have been obtained,
     except that a Consent from a third party to the sale and assignment of a
     Transferred Asset, such as a Medicare or Medicaid provider agreement, or
     the assumption of an Assumed Liability with respect thereto, shall not
     constitute a condition to Buyer's consummation of the Transactions with
     respect to a Facility if such sale, assignment or assumption may lawfully
     be made subject to a customary condition subsequent that the Consent be
     obtained from the third party based upon determinations of such third
     party, including without limitation needs surveys or evaluations of Buyer,
     to be completed after the Scheduled Closing.  As to each of the Real
     Property Leases listed on the Schedule of Required Consents, Buyer shall
     have received an estoppel certificate, identifying the lease and stating
     that such lease is in full force and effect, that the lessee under such
     lease is current in all of its obligations under such lease and that the
     lessor is not aware of any default by lessee under such lease.

          Section 8.5  Absence of Injunctions.  There shall be no:
                       ----------------------                     

               (a) Injunction, restraining order or order of any nature issued
     by any court of competent jurisdiction or governmental agency which directs
     that the Transactions related to such Facility contemplated hereby shall
     not be consummated as herein provided or compels or would compel Buyer to
     dispose of or discontinue, or materially restrict the operations of, such
     Facility or any significant portion of the Transferred Assets with respect
     thereto as a result of the consummation of the Transactions contemplated
     hereby;

               (b) Suit, action or other proceeding by any governmental agency
     pending before any court, governmental agency or non-governmen

                                     - 99 -
<PAGE>
 
     tal, self-regulatory organization, or threatened (pursuant to a written
     notification), wherein such complainant seeks the restraint or prohibition
     of the consummation of the Transactions related to such Facility or asserts
     the illegality of the Transactions related to such Facility; or

               (c) Action taken, or law enacted, promulgated or deemed
     applicable to the Transactions related to such Facility, by any
     governmental agency which would render consummation of such Transactions
     illegal or which would threaten the imposition of any penalty or material
     economic detriment upon Buyer if such Transactions were consummated;

     provided that:
     -------- ---- 

               (i)  The parties will use their reasonable efforts to litigate
     against, or to obtain the lifting of, any such injunction, restraining or
     other order, restraint, prohibition, action, suit, law or penalty;

               (ii)  In the event that (A) the First Closing has occurred, (B)
     there is such a pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding, injunction,
     restraining order or other order, made, sought, issued, initiated or
     obtained by a governmental agency in respect of Transactions contemplated
     to occur at the Final Closing, and (C) on or prior to the original
     Termination Date for the Final Closing, the parties and such agency have
     entered into a written agreement which would resolve such controversy but
     such agreement is subject to final agency approval that has not been
     obtained on or prior to the fifth business day before the original
     Termination Date for the Final Closing, then and in such events the
     original Termination Date for the Final Closing shall be extended to the
     fifth business day following such final agency approval if the date of such
     approval is within five (5) business days of the end of a month or the
     original Termination Date for the Final Closing shall be extended to the
     end of the month in which such approval is obtained if the date of such
     approval is not within five (5) business days of the end of a month, but in
     no event shall the original Termination Date for the Final Closing be
     extended for more than three (3) calendar months from the original
     Termination Date; and

               (iii)  Clauses (a) through (c) above notwithstanding, the effect
                              ---         ---                                  
     of any such event, action or suit shall be to exclude the affected Facility
     from the Scheduled Closing and, if such Facility is not transferred in a
     subsequent Closing, to adjust the Purchase Price pursuant to the Allocation
     Schedule.

                                    - 100 -
<PAGE>
 
          Section 8.6  Opinion of Counsel.  Buyer shall have received, on and as
                       ------------------                                       
     of the Closing Date, an opinion of Mr. Scott Brown, general counsel to
     Seller, substantially as to the matters set forth in Sections 3.1, 3.2,
                                                          ------------  --- 
     3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.14, subject to customary conditions and
     ---  ---  ---  ---     ----                                     
     limitations.

          Section 8.7  Title to Real Property.  Title to Transferred Assets
                       ----------------------                              
     related to the Facility comprised of interests in real property shall have
     been evidenced by the willingness of Chicago Title Insurance Company (or an
     Affiliate thereof) (the "Title Insurer") to issue at regular rates ALTA (or
                              -------------                                     
     the local equivalents thereof) owner's, or lessee's, as the case may be,
     extended coverage policies of title insurance (1990 Form B) (the "Title
                                                                       -----
     Policies"), with the survey exception removed, in amounts equal to the
     --------                                                              
     respective portions of the Purchase Price allocated to such interests,
     showing title to such interests in such real property vested in Buyer
     subject to transfer of such interest to Buyer.  Each such Title Policy
     shall be free of exceptions relating to (i), except for Title Policies
     respecting Facilities located in Texas, any claim which arises out of the
     transaction vesting in Buyer the estate or interest insured by the Title
     Policy, by reason of the operation of federal bankruptcy, state insolvency
     or similar creditors's rights laws, and (ii) rights of the United States of
     America, and the state in which the real property covered by the Title
     Policy is located, or either or them, to recover any federal funds advanced
     as provided in the Hill-Burton Act, 42 U.S.C (S)(S) 291 et. seq.  Such
     Title Policies shall additionally be free of all other exceptions,
     including other standard exceptions, other than the following:

               (a)  A lien or liens to secure payment of real estate taxes, not
     delinquent;

               (b)  Exceptions, other than those listed on Schedule 8.7(b),
                                                           --------------- 
     disclosed by current standard ALTA Preliminary Title Reports, delivered to
     and approved (except as shown on Schedule 8.7(b)) by Buyer prior to the
                                      ---------------                       
     date hereof (as indicated by Buyer's signature of approval appended
     thereto) together with copies of all documents underlying the exceptions
     contained therein; and

               (c)  Other possible minor matters that in the aggregate are not
     substantial in amount and do not materially detract from or interfere with
     the present or intended use of such real property, including such minor
     matters as may be disclosed by surveys taken after the date hereof.

                                    - 101 -
<PAGE>
 
     The willingness of the Title Insurer to issue the Title Policies shall be
     evidenced either by the issuance thereof at the relevant Scheduled Closing
     or the written commitments or binders, dated as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, of the Title Insurer to issue such Title Policies within a
     reasonable time after the relevant Closing Date, subject to actual transfer
     of the real property in question.  If the Title Insurer is unwilling to
     issue any such Title Policy, it shall be required to provide Buyer and
     Seller, in writing, notice setting forth the reason(s) for such
     unwillingness on or before the relevant Closing Date.  Seller shall have
     the right to seek to cure any defect which is the reason for such
     unwillingness, and, if such notice by the Title Insurer is given less than
     ten (10) business days prior to the then Scheduled Closing, then the
     relevant Closing Date (and, to the extent necessary, the Termination Date)
     shall be extended for a period of up to ten (10) business days to provide
     to Seller such opportunity to cure.  In the event that, despite Seller's
     efforts to cure, the Title Insurer remains unwilling to issue any such
     Title Policy on the Final Closing Date (as may be extended as provided
     herein), then, at the election of Buyer, and without affecting the other
     conditions of the parties to consummation of the Transactions, such real
     property interests not covered by such a Title Policy shall not be included
     in the Transferred Assets and shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets, and
     liabilities associated therewith that would otherwise be Assumed
     Liabilities shall be deemed to be Excluded Liabilities; and Buyer and
     Seller shall negotiate in good faith prior to the Final Closing Date an
     adjustment in the Purchase Price based on the Allocation Schedule.  If the
     parties cannot agree upon such adjustment, then the disagreement shall be
     resolved in accordance with Section 2.14. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
                                 ------------      
     Buyer may accept such title to any such interests as the pertinent
     Subsidiary may be able to convey, and such title insurance with respect to
     the same as the Title Insurer is willing to issue, in which case such
     interests shall be conveyed as part of the Transferred Assets without
     reduction of the Purchase Price or any credit or allowance against the same
     and without any other liability on the part of Seller or the Subsidiaries.

          Section 8.8  Receipt of Other Documents.  Buyer shall have received
                       --------------------------                            
     the following:

               (a)  Certified copies of the resolutions of Seller's and each
     relevant Subsidiary's board of directors respecting this Agreement, the
     Related Agreements and the Transactions, together with certified copies of
     any shareholder resolutions which are necessary to approve the execution
     and delivery of this Agreement and any Agreements and/or the 

                                    - 102 -
<PAGE>
 
     performance of the obligations of Seller and the Subsidiaries hereunder and
     thereunder;

               (b)  Certified copies of Seller's and each relevant Subsidiary's
     Charter Documents, together with a certificate of the corporate secretary
     of each that none of such documents have been amended;

               (c)  One or more certificates as to the incumbency of each
     officer of Seller or of any Subsidiary who has signed the Agreement, any
     Related Agreement or any certificate, document or instrument delivered
     pursuant to the Agreement or any Related Agreement;

               (d)  Good standing certificates for Seller and each of the
     relevant Subsidiaries from the Secretaries of State of their respective
     states of incorporation, dated as of a date not earlier than fifteen (15)
     business days prior to the relevant Closing Date;

               (e)  Copies of all third party and governmental consents, permits
     and authorizations that Seller or any Subsidiary has received in connection
     with the Agreement, the Related Agreements and the Transactions to occur at
     the relevant Scheduled Closing; and

               (f)  Certificates of non-foreign status in the form required by
     Section 1445 of the Code duly executed by Seller and the relevant
     Subsidiaries.

          Section 8.9  Licenses and Permits.  The Buyer shall have obtained any
                       --------------------                                    
     and all authorizations, approvals and consents in connection with acquiring
     Licenses that will permit it to operate the Facility after the relevant
     Scheduled Closing substantially as operated by the relevant Subsidiary
     immediately prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing.

          Section 8.10  Casualty; Condemnation.
                        ---------------------- 

               (a)  Casualty.  If any part of the Transferred Assets related to
                    --------                                                   
     the Facility are damaged, lost or destroyed (whether by fire, theft,
     vandalism or other casualty) in whole or in part prior to the relevant
     Scheduled Closing, and the fair market value of such damage or destruction
     is less than thirty percent (30%) of the allocated portion of the Purchase
     Price for such Facility set forth in the Allocation Schedule, Seller shall,
     at its option, either (i) reduce the Purchase Price by the fair market
     value of 

                                    - 103 -
<PAGE>
 
     the assets destroyed, such value to be determined as of the date
     immediately prior to such destruction or, as the case may be, by the
     estimated cost to restore damaged assets, (ii) provided that the proceeds
     are obtainable without delay and are sufficient to fully restore the
     damaged assets, upon the relevant Scheduled Closing transfer the proceeds
     or the rights to the proceeds of applicable insurance to Buyer, and Buyer
     may restore the improvements, or (iii) repair or restore such damages or
     destroyed improvements.  If any part of the Transferred Assets related to
     the Facility are damaged, lost or destroyed (whether by fire, theft,
     vandalism or other cause or casualty) in whole or in part prior to the
     relevant Scheduled Closing and the fair market value of such damages is
     greater than thirty percent (30%) of such allocated portion of the Purchase
     Price, Buyer may elect either to (i) require Seller upon the relevant
     Scheduled Closing to transfer the proceeds (or the right to the proceeds)
     of applicable insurance to Buyer and Buyer may restore the improvements, or
     (ii) terminate this Agreement with respect to the damaged assets or
     Facility only, with a reduction in the Purchase Price determined as
     follows.  The reduction in Purchase Price shall be mutually determined by
     Buyer and Seller on the basis of the Allocation Schedule, or if the Buyer
     and Seller fail to agree, then such reduction shall be determined in
     accordance with Section 2.14.
                     ------------ 

               (b)  Condemnation.  From the date hereof until the relevant
                    ------------                                          
     Scheduled Closing, in the event that any portion of the Transferred Assets
     related to the Facility becomes subject to or is threatened with any
     condemnation or eminent domain proceedings (except for an immaterial
     portion), then Buyer, at its sole option, may elect to terminate this
     Agreement with respect only to that part which is condemned or threatened
     to be condemned with a reduction in the Purchase Price determined as
     provided in Section 8.10(a).
                 --------------- 

          Section 8.11  Reasonable Assurances.  There shall not have been any
                        ---------------------                                
     actions taken by the United States government to indicate that it is
     reasonably likely that either the Unusual Proceedings or any proceeding,
     investigation, claim or lawsuit relating thereto, in each case relating to
     periods prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, (a) shall be applied to or
     be expanded to include an assertion against Buyer or the applicable Buyer
     Subsidiaries with respect to their operation of the Facility after the
     relevant Scheduled Closing, or (b) would be the basis of any investigation
     or proceeding to exclude Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries from
     participation in any government healthcare program with respect to the
     operations of the Facility after the relevant Scheduled Closing, or (c)
     would 

                                    - 104 -
<PAGE>
 
     result in the Transferred Assets being subjected to forfeiture under
     18 U.S.C. (S)1961-1966 or otherwise.

          Section 8.12  Certain Events.  During the thirty (30) days preceding
                        --------------                                        
     the date of the relevant Scheduled Closing, there shall not have occurred
     or be continuing (a) any  suspension of trading on the New York Stock
     Exchange or material governmental restrictions (not in force on the date
     hereof) on trading in securities generally, or (b) any banking moratorium
     declared by Federal, California or New York authorities, or (c) any
     material disruption of or any material adverse change in the financial,
     banking or capital markets, or (d) any outbreak or material escalation of
     hostilities affecting the United States of America or other calamity, panic
     or crisis, the effect of which on the financial markets of the United
     States in each case described in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, is
     that lending institutions have generally ceased providing funding for
     transactions of the size contemplated hereby, provided that the occurrence
                                                   --------                    
     of such event shall operate only to delay the Scheduled Closing (and extend
     the Termination Date, if necessary) until the tenth day following the date
     upon which lending institutions generally have resumed providing funding
     for transactions of the size contemplated hereby and that such delay may
     not extend the original Termination Date for more than sixty (60) days,
     after which time there shall be deemed to be a failure of this condition.


                                   ARTICLE 9
                         SELLER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

          The obligations of Seller to consummate the Transactions with respect
     to a Facility and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related
     thereto shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the relevant
     Scheduled Closing of the following conditions, unless Seller waives in
     writing such fulfillment:

          Section 9.1  Performance of Agreement.  Buyer shall have performed in
                       ------------------------                                
     all material respects its agreements and obligations contained in this
     Agreement required to be performed on or prior to the Scheduled Closing.

          Section 9.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.  The
                       ------------------------------------------      
     representations and warranties of Buyer set forth in Article 4 of this
                                                          ---------        
     Agreement shall be true in all material respects as of the date of this
     Agreement (unless the inaccuracy or inaccuracies which would otherwise

                                    - 105 -
<PAGE>
 
     result in a failure of this condition have been cured by the Scheduled
     Closing) and as of the Scheduled Closing as if made as of such time.

          Section 9.3  Officers' Certificate.  Seller shall have received from
                       ---------------------                                  
     Buyer an officers' certificate, executed on Buyer's behalf by its chief
     executive officer, president, chief financial officer or treasurer (in his
     or her capacity as such) dated the Closing Date and stating that to the
     actual knowledge of such individual, the conditions in Sections 9.1 and 9.2
                                                            ------------     ---
     above have been met.

          Section 9.4  Consents.  The waiting period under the HSR Act shall
                       --------                                             
     have expired or been terminated, and, subject to the provisions of Section
                                                                        -------
     2.12, all Consents required for Seller to consummate the Transactions with
     ----                                                                      
     respect to such Facility shall have been obtained, except that a Consent
     from a third party to the sale and assignment of a Transferred Asset, such
     as a Medicare or Medicaid provider agreement, or the assumption of an
     Assumed Liability with respect thereto, shall not constitute a condition to
     Seller's consummation of the Transactions with respect to such Facility if
     such sale, assignment or assumption may lawfully be made subject to a
     customary condition subsequent that the Consent be obtained from the third
     party based upon determinations of such third party, including without
     limitation needs surveys or evaluations of Buyer, to be completed after the
     Scheduled Closing, whether or not such third party indicates prior to the
     Scheduled Closing that any such Consent is likely or not likely to be
     given.

          Section 9.5  Absence of Injunctions.  There shall be no:
                       ----------------------                     

               (a) Injunction, restraining order or order of any nature issued
     by any court of competent jurisdiction or governmental agency which directs
     that the Transactions related to such Facility contemplated hereby shall
     not be consummated as herein provided;

               (b) Suit, action or other proceeding by any governmental agency
     pending before any court, governmental agency or non-governmental, self-
     regulatory organization, or threatened (pursuant to a written
     notification), wherein such complainant seeks the restraint or prohibition
     of the consummation of the Transactions related to such Facility or asserts
     the illegality of the Transactions related to such Facility; or

               (c) Action taken, or law enacted, promulgated or deemed
     applicable to the Transactions related to such Facility, by any
     governmental 

                                    - 106 -
<PAGE>
 
     agency which would render consummation of such Transactions illegal or
     which would threaten the imposition of any penalty or material economic
     detriment upon Seller or the Subsidiaries if such Transactions were
     consummated;

     provided that:
     -------- ---- 

               (i)  The parties will use their reasonable efforts to litigate
     against, or to obtain the lifting of, any such injunction, restraining or
     other order, restraint, prohibition, action, suit, law or penalty;

               (ii)  In the event that (A) the First Closing has occurred, (B)
     there is such a pending or threatened suit, action, proceeding, injunction,
     restraining order or other order, made, sought, issued, initiated or
     obtained by a governmental agency in respect of Transactions contemplated
     to occur at the Final Closing, and (C) on or prior to the original
     Termination Date for the Final Closing, the parties and such agency have
     entered into a written agreement which would resolve such controversy but
     such agreement is subject to final agency approval that has not been
     obtained on or prior to the fifth business day before the original
     Termination Date for the Final Closing, then and in such events the
     original Termination Date for the Final Closing shall be extended to the
     fifth business day following such final agency approval if the date of such
     approval is within five (5) business days of the end of the month or the
     original Termination Date for the Final Closing shall be extended to the
     end of the month in which such approval is obtained if the date of such
     approval is not within five (5) business days of the end of a month, but in
     no event shall the original Termination Date for the Final Closing be
     extended for more than three (3) calendar months from the original
     Termination Date; and

               (iii)  Clauses (a) through (c) above notwithstanding, the effect
                              ---         ---                                  
     of any such event, action or suit shall be to exclude the affected Facility
     from the Scheduled Closing and, if such Facility is not transferred in a
     subsequent Closing, to adjust the Purchase Price pursuant to the Allocation
     Schedule.


          Section 9.6  Opinion of Counsel.  Seller shall have received, on and
                       ------------------                                     
     as of the Closing Date, an opinion of King & Spalding, counsel to Buyer,
     substantially as to the matters set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4,
                                                  ------------  ---  ---  --- 
     and 4.5, subject to customary conditions and limitations.
         ---                                                   
     
     

                                    - 107 -
<PAGE>
 
          Section 9.7  Receipt of Other Documents.  Seller shall have received
                       --------------------------                             
     the following:

               (a)  Certified copies of the resolutions of Buyer's and each
     relevant Buyer Subsidiary's board of directors respecting this Agreement,
     the Related Agreements and the Transactions;

               (b)  Certified copies of Buyer's and each relevant Buyer
     Subsidiary's Charter Documents, together with a certificate of Buyer's and
     each Buyer Subsidiary's corporate secretary that none of such documents
     have been amended;

               (c)  One or more certificates as to the incumbency of each
     officer of Buyer who has signed the Agreement, any Related Agreement, or
     any certificate, document or instrument delivered pursuant to the Agreement
     or any Related Agreement;

               (d)  Good standing certificates for Buyer and for each relevant
     Buyer Subsidiary from the Secretaries of State of their respective states
     of incorporation, dated as of a date not earlier than fifteen (15) business
     days prior to the relevant Closing Date;

               (e)  Copies of all third party and governmental consents, permits
     and authorizations that Buyer has received in connection with the
     Agreement, the Related Agreements and the Transactions; and

               (f) A certificate of Buyer executed on its behalf by the Chief
     Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Buyer stating that to
     the best of their knowledge and belief, specifying in reasonable detail
     their basis for same, after giving effect to the Transactions, neither
     Buyer nor any relevant Buyer Subsidiary is insolvent or will be rendered
     insolvent by obligations incurred in connection therewith, or will be left
     with unreasonably small capital with which to engage in their businesses,
     or will have incurred obligations beyond their respective abilities to
     perform the same as and when due.

                                   ARTICLE 10
                                  TERMINATION

          Section 10.1  Termination.  Any Transactions contemplated hereby that
                        -----------                                            
     have not been consummated may be terminated:

                                    - 108 -
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  At any time, by mutual written consent of Seller and Buyer;
     or

               (b)  By either Buyer or Seller upon written notice to the other
     party, if (i) the relevant Scheduled Closing shall not have occurred by its
     Termination Date; or (ii)(A) in the case of termination by Seller, the
     conditions set forth in Section 2.13 and Article 9 for the relevant
                             ------------     ---------                 
     Scheduled Closing cannot reasonably be met by its Termination Date or
     Seller has terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.4, and (B) in
                                                      -----------            
     the case of termination by Buyer, the conditions set forth in Section 2.13
                                                                   ------------
     and Article 8 for the relevant Scheduled Closing cannot reasonably be met
         ---------                                                            
     by its Termination Date, unless in either of the cases described in clauses
                                                                         -------
     (A) or (B), the failure of the condition is the result of the material
     ---    ---                                                            
     breach of this Agreement by the party seeking to terminate.  The
     Termination Date for the First Closing shall be September 1, 1994, and
     provided the First Closing has occurred, the Termination Date for any
     subsequent Scheduled Closing and the Final Closing shall be September 30,
     1994; provided that if the "Termination Date" for the "Final Closing" under
           -------------                                                        
     the Subsequent Facilities Agreement has been extended beyond September 30,
     1994, then the Termination Date for the Final Closing under this Agreement
     shall likewise be extended, and provided further that, notwithstanding any
                                     --------------------- 
     provisions in this Agreement which may be construed to the contrary, under
     no circumstances shall the Termination Date for the Final Closing under
     this Agreement occur after the first to occur of the "Final Closing" or the
     "Termination Date" therefor under the Subsequent Facilities Agreement. Each
     such date, or such later date as may be specifically provided for in this
     Agreement (including any date arising under operation of Sections
                                                              --------     
     8.5(c)(ii) and 9.5(c)(ii) hereof) or agreed upon by the parties, is herein
     ---------      ---------
     referred to as the "Termination Date."
                         ----------------  

     Each party's right of termination hereunder is in addition to any other
     rights it may have hereunder or otherwise.

          Section 10.2  Effect of Termination.  If there has been a termination
                        ---------------------                                  
     pursuant to Section 10.1 prior to the First Closing, then this Agreement
                 ------------                                                
     shall be deemed terminated, and all further obligations of the parties
     hereunder shall terminate, except that the obligations set forth in
                                                                        
     Sections 5.5 and 5.6 and in Articles 11 and 12 shall survive.  In the event
     ------------     ---        -----------     --                             
     of termination of this Agreement as provided above, there shall be no
     liability on the part of a party to another under and by reason of this
     Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby except as set forth in
                                                                             
     Article 11 and 
     ----------                                                             

                                    - 109 -
<PAGE>
 
     except for intentionally fraudulent acts by a party, the remedies for which
     shall not be limited by the provisions of this Agreement. In the event of a
     termination after the First Closing, then all further obligations of the
     parties respecting Transactions that have not been consummated shall
     terminate, except that the obligations set forth in
     
     Sections 5.5 and 5.6 and in Articles 11 and 12 shall survive, and there
     ------------     ---        -----------     --                         
     shall be no liability on the part of a party to another in respect of such
     unconsummated Transactions except as set forth in Article 11 and except for
                                                       ----------               
     intentionally fraudulent acts by a party, the remedies for which shall not
     be limited by this Agreement.  The foregoing provisions shall not, however,
     limit or restrict the availability of specific performance or other
     injunctive or equitable relief to the extent that specific performance or
     such other relief would otherwise be available to a party hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE 11
                     SURVIVAL AND REMEDIES; INDEMNIFICATION

          Section 11.1  Survival.  Except as may be otherwise expressly set
                        --------                                           
     forth in this Agreement, the representations, warranties, covenants and
     agreements of Buyer and Seller set forth in this Agreement, or in any
     writing required to be delivered in connection with this Agreement, shall
     survive the Scheduled Closings and the consummations of the Transactions.

          Section 11.2  Exclusive Remedy.  Absent intentional fraud or unless
                        ----------------                                     
     otherwise specifically provided herein, the sole exclusive remedy for
     damages of a party hereto for any breach of the representations,
     warranties, covenants and agreements of the other party contained in this
     Agreement and the Related Agreements shall be the remedies contained in
     this Article 11.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
          ----------                                                     
     matters associated with any of the Owned Real Properties or Leased Real
     Properties involving environmental contamination or noncompliance with any
     applicable Environmental Law, if the First Closing occurs, nothing in this
                                                                               
     Article 11 shall limit or restrict a party's rights or remedies against, or
     ----------                                                                 
     obligations to, another party or any third party arising under any
     Environmental Law, if such matter (a) was in existence on or prior to the
     relevant Scheduled Closing, (b) was not identified in the Environmental
     Survey or Schedule 3.16 (or an update thereto pursuant to Section 6.3), (c)
               -------------                                   -----------      
     was unknown to Seller or any Subsidiary as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, and (d) would not constitute a breach of Seller's warranties in
                                                                             
     Section 3.16.
     ------------ 

          Section 11.3  Indemnity by Seller.
                        ------------------- 

                                    - 110 -
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  Seller shall indemnify Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries and
     hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, suits,
     loss, liability, damage and expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees
     and costs of investigation, litigation, settlement and judgment
     (collectively "Losses"), which they may sustain or suffer or to which they
                    ------                                                     
     may become subject as a result of:

                    (i)  The inaccuracy of any representation or the breach of
          any warranty made by Seller herein or by Seller or a Subsidiary in a
          Related Agreement, provided, that any such inaccuracy or breach shall
                             --------                                          
          be determined without regard to any qualification of such
          representation or warranty relating to materiality or any Material
          Adverse Effect;

                    (ii)  The nonperformance or breach of any covenant or
          agreement made or undertaken by Seller in this Agreement or by Seller
          or a Subsidiary in a Related Agreement; and

                    (iii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the failure of Seller
          or any Subsidiary to pay, discharge or perform as and when due, any of
          the Excluded Liabilities (including, without limitation, the Excluded
          Liabilities enumerated in Sections 2.4(c), (d), (e) and (g), and any
                                    ---------------  ---  ---     ---         
          Losses as a result of or in connection with the failure of Seller and
          the Subsidiaries to comply with any Bulk Sales Laws referred to in
                                                                            
          Section 7.1).
          -----------  

               (b)  The indemnification obligations of Seller provided above
     shall, in addition to the qualifications and conditions set forth in
                                                                         
     Sections 11.5 and 11.6, be subject to the following qualifications:
     -------------     ----                                             

                    (i)  Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries shall not be entitled
          to indemnity under Subsection (a)(i) above (except for claims arising
                             -----------------                                 
          under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.7) unless:
                ------------  ---  ---     ---         

                         (A)  Written notice to Seller of such claim specifying
               the basis thereof is made, or an action at law or in equity with
               respect to such claim is served, before the second anniversary of
               the earlier to occur of the relevant Closing Date or the date on
               which this Agreement is terminated, as the case may be;

                                    - 111 -
<PAGE>
 
                         (B)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the Losses
               sustained or suffered by Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries or to
               which they may be subject as a result of circumstances described
               in such Subsection (a)(i) and in Section 11.3(a)(i) of the
                       -----------------        ------------------       
               Subsequent Facilities Agreement exceed, in the aggregate, the sum
               of Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) (the "Trigger Amount"), in
                                                           --------------      
               which case Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries shall be entitled
               only to recover the amount by which such aggregate Losses exceed
               Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) (the "Deductible Amount"),
                                                      -----------------   
               provided, however, that individual claims of Two Thousand Dollars
               --------                                                         
               ($2,000) or less shall not be aggregated for purposes of
               calculating either the Trigger Amount, the Deductible Amount or
               the excess of Losses over the Deductible Amount;

                         (C)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, in no event shall
               Seller be liable to Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries under
                                                                         
               Subsection (a)(i) for Losses in the nature of consequential 
               -----------------                                   
               damages, lost profits, damage to reputation or the like, but such
               damages shall be limited to out-of-pocket Losses and diminution
               in value; and

                         (D)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, in no event shall
               Seller be liable to Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries under
                                                                         
               Subsection (a)(i) of this Agreement and under Section 11(a)(i) of
               -----------------                             ---------------    
               the Subsequent Facilities Agreement for amounts which, in the
               aggregate, exceed the sum of (x) that portion of the Purchase
               Price paid pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement and
                                      --------------                      
               pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of the Subsequent Facilities Agreement
                           -------------                                        
               for assets actually acquired and (y) the amount paid pursuant to
               the penultimate sentence of Section 2.5 of this Agreement and
                                           -----------                      
               pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.5(a) of the
                                                       -------------        
               Subsequent Facilties Agreement; provided that in the event Buyer
                                               --------                        
               and the Buyer Subsidiaries make claims in the aggregate for
               Losses with respect to a Facility that exceed seventy-five
               percent (75%) of the portion of the Purchase Price allocated to
               such Facility in the Allocation Schedule, then substantially
               concurrently with the making of such claim or claims, Buyer shall
               cause such Facility to be offered in writing for resale to Seller
               at a cash price equal to such allocated portion of the Purchase
               Price 

                                    - 112 -
<PAGE>
 
               less amounts, if any, previously paid by Seller to Buyer
               with respect to Buyer's claims for Losses with respect to such
               Facility and on an "as is, where is" basis, in which case:

                         (1)  Seller shall have thirty (30) days to accept such
                    offer in writing;

                         (2)  If Seller accepts such offer, it shall have one
                    hundred fifty (150) days to close such transaction;

                         (3)  At the closing of such transaction, Buyer shall
                    cause all of the right, title and interest of its Affiliates
                    in such Facility and related assets to be conveyed to Seller
                    (or a designee of Seller) in the same condition of title as
                    the Facility and related assets were originally sold,
                    assigned, transferred and conveyed by Seller and the
                    Subsidiaries hereunder, and Seller (or such designee) shall
                    assume disclosed operating liabilities of the Facility of
                    the same types as the Assumed Liabilities provided that if
                                                              -------- 
                    the dollar amount of such liabilities exceeds the dollar
                    amount of the Assumed Liabilities respecting such Facility
                    originally assumed by Buyer hereunder, then there shall be a
                    dollar-for-dollar reduction in the purchase price payable by
                    Seller (or its designee) to the extent of such excess; and

                         (4)  Simultaneous with such closing, Buyer and the
                    Buyer Subsidiaries shall release Seller from further
                    liability under Subsection (a)(i) for Losses with respect to
                                    -----------------                           
                    such Facility.

                    (ii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, Buyer and the Buyer
          Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to indemnity under Subsections
                                                                -----------
          (a)(ii)-(iii) above except for out-of-pocket Losses actually suffered
          -------------                                                        
          or sustained by them or to which they may become subject as a result
          of circumstances described in such Subsections (a)(ii)-(iii), and such
                                             -------------------------          
          indemnity shall not include Losses in the nature of consequential
          damages, lost profits, diminution in value, damage to reputation or
          the like; except that the provisions of this clause (b)(ii) shall not
                                                              -------          
          apply to breaches of Sections 5.6 and 6.8, provided that the 
                               ------------     ---  --------                   

                                    - 113 -
<PAGE>
 
          liability of Seller and the Subsidiaries for breaches of such Sections
          shall be subject to the provisions of Subsection (b)(i)(D) above and
                                                --------------------
          that the liability of Seller and the Subsidiaries for breaches of such
          Sections shall be aggregated with the liability of Seller under
          Subsection (a)(i) for purposes of Subsection (b)(i)(D).
          -----------------                 -------------------- 

                    (iii)  Seller shall have no liability for Losses arising
          from the breach of any warranty related to Net Book Values, including
          without limitation the warranties contained in Sections 3.17 and 3.18,
                                                         -------------     ---- 
          and no such Losses shall be applied against the Trigger Amount or the
          Deductible Amount or the excess of Losses over the Deductible Amount,
          it being agreed that the liability of the Seller with respect to Net
          Book Values, if any, shall be resolved in accordance with the
          provisions of Sections 2.6(a), (b) and (c).
                        ---------------  ---     --- 

          Section 11.4  Indemnity by Buyer.
                        ------------------ 

               (a)  Buyer shall indemnify Seller and the Subsidiaries and hold
     Seller and the Subsidiaries harmless from and against any and all Losses
     which they may sustain or suffer or to which they may become subject as a
     result of:

                    (i)  The inaccuracy of any representation or the breach of
          any warranty made by Buyer herein or by Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary in
          a Related Agreement, provided that any such inaccuracy or breach shall
                               --------                                         
          be determined without regard to any  qualification of such
          representation or warranty relating to materia-lity or any Material
          Adverse Effect;

                    (ii)  The nonperformance or breach of any covenant or
          agreement made or undertaken by Buyer in this Agreement or by Buyer or
          a Buyer Subsidiary in a Related Agreement;

                    (iii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the failure of Buyer
          to pay, discharge or perform as and when due, any of the Assumed
          Liabilities; and

                    (iv)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the ongoing operations
          of Buyer and the Transferred Assets after the relevant Closing Date,
          including but not limited to the continuation or 

                                    - 114 -
<PAGE>
 
          performance by Buyer after the relevant Closing Date of any agreement
          or practice of the Seller or the Subsidiaries.

               (b)  The indemnification obligations of Buyer provided above
     shall, in addition to the qualifications and conditions set forth in
                                                                         
     Sections 11.5 and 11.6, be subject to the following qualifications:
     -------------     ----                                             

                    (i)  Seller and the Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to
          indemnity under Subsection (a)(i) above (except for claims under
                          -----------------                               
          Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 4.7) unless:
          ------------  ---  ---     ---         

                         (A)  Written notice to Buyer of such claim specifying
               the basis thereof is made, or an action at law or in equity with
               respect to such claim is served, before the second anniversary of
               the earlier to occur of the relevant Closing Date or the date on
               which this Agreement is terminated, as the case may be;

                         (B)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the Losses
               sustained or suffered by Seller and the Subsidiaries or to which
               they may be subject as a result of circumstances described in
               such Subsection (a)(i) and in Section 11.4(a)(i) of the
                    -----------------        ------------------       
               Subsequent Facilities Agreement exceed, in the aggregate, the
               Trigger Amount, in which case Seller and the Subsidiaries shall
               be entitled only to recover the amount by which such Losses
               exceed, in the aggregate, the Deductible Amount, provided,
                                                                -------- 
               however, that individual claims of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000)
               or less shall not be aggregated for purposes of calculating
               either the Trigger Amount, the Deductible Amount or the excess of
               Losses over the Deductible Amount; and

                         (C)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, in no event shall
               Buyer be liable to Seller and the Subsidiaries under Subsection
                                                                    ----------
               (a)(i) for Losses in the nature of consequential damages, lost
               ------                                                        
               profits, damage to reputation or the like, but such damages shall
               be limited to out-of-pocket Losses and diminution in value.

                    (ii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, Seller and the
          Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to indemnity under Subsections
                                                                -----------
          (a)(ii)-
          -------

                                    - 115 -
<PAGE>
 
          (iv) above except for out-of-pocket Losses actually suffered or
          ----
          sustained by them or to which they may become subject as a result of
          circumstances described in such Subsections (a)(ii)-(iv), and such
                                          ------------------------          
          indemnity shall not include Losses in the nature of consequential
          damages, lost profits, diminution in value, damage to reputation or
          the like, except that the provisions of this clause (b)(ii) shall not
                                                              -------          
          apply to breaches of Sections 5.6 or 5.7.
                               ------------    --- 

          Section 11.5  Further Qualifications Respecting Indemnification.  The
                        -------------------------------------------------      
     right of a party (an "Indemnitee") to indemnity hereunder shall be subject
                           ----------                                          
     to the following additional qualifications:

               (a)  The Indemnitee shall promptly upon its discovery of facts or
     circumstances giving rise to a claim for indemnification, including receipt
     by it of notice of any demand, assertion, claim, action or proceed-
     ing, judicial, governmental or otherwise, by any third party (such third
     party actions being collectively referred to herein as "Third Party
                                                             -----------
     Claims"), give notice thereof to the indemnifying party (the "Indemnitor"),
     ------                                                        ----------   
     such notice in any event to be given within sixty (60) days from the date
     the Indemnitee obtains actual knowledge of the basis or alleged basis for
     the right of indemnity or such shorter period as may be necessary to avoid
     material prejudice to the Indemnitor; and

               (b)  In computing Losses, such amounts shall be computed net of
     any related recoveries to which the Indemnitee is entitled under insurance
     policies or other related payments received or receivable from third
     parties and net of any tax benefits actually received by the Indemnitee or
     for which it is eligible, taking into account the income tax treatment of
     the receipt of indemnification.

          Section 11.6  Procedures Respecting Third Party Claims.  In providing
                        ----------------------------------------               
     notice to the Indemnitor of any Third Party Claim (the "Claim Notice"), the
                                                             ------------       
     Indemnitee shall provide the Indemnitor with a copy of such Third Party
     Claim or other documents received and shall otherwise make available to the
     Indemnitor all relevant information material to the defense of such claim
     and within the Indemnitee's possession.  The Indemnitor shall have the
     right, by notice given to the Indemnitee within fifteen (15) days after the
     date of the Claim Notice, to assume and control the defense of the Third
     Party Claim that is the subject of such Claim Notice, including the
     employment of counsel selected by the Indemnitor after consultation with
     the Indemnitee, and the Indemnitor shall pay all expenses of, and the

                                    - 116 -
<PAGE>
 
     Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the Indemnitor in connection with,
     the conduct of such defense.  The Indemnitee shall have the right to employ
     separate counsel in any such proceeding and to participate in (but not
     control) the defense of such Third Party Claim, but the fees and expenses
     of such counsel shall be borne by the Indemnitee unless the Indemnitor
     shall agree otherwise; provided, however, if the named parties to any such
                            --------  -------                                  
     proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnitee
     and the Indemnitor, the Indemnitor requires that the same counsel represent
     both the Indemnitee and the Indemnitor, and representation of both parties
     by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
     differing interests between them, then the Indemnitee shall have the right
     to retain its own counsel at the cost and expense of the Indemnitor.  If
     the Indemnitor shall have failed to assume the defense of any Third Party
     Claim in accordance with the provisions of this Section, then the
     Indemnitee shall have the absolute right to control the defense of such
     Third Party Claim, and, if and when it is finally determined that the
     Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification from the Indemnitor hereunder,
     the fees and expenses of Indemnitee's counsel shall be borne by the
     Indemnitor, provided that the Indemnitor shall be entitled, at its
                 --------
     expense, to participate in (but not control) such defense. The Indemnitor
     shall have the right to settle or compromise any such Third Party Claim for
     which it is providing indemnity so long as such settlement does not impose
     any obligations on the Indemnitee (except with respect to providing
     releases of the third party). The Indemnitor shall not be liable for any
     settlement effected by the Indemnitee without the Indemnitor's consent
     except where the Indemnitee has assumed the defense because Indemnitor has
     failed or refused to do so. The Indemnitor may assume and control, or bear
     the costs, of any such defense subject to its reservation of a right to
     contest the Indemnitee's right to indemnification hereunder, provided that
                                                                  --------
     it gives the Indemnitee notice of such reservation within fifteen (15) days
     of the date of the Claim Notice.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

          Section 12.1  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands, waivers,
                        -------                                           
     consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be
     delivered either in person, by telegraphic, facsimile or other electronic
     means, by overnight air courier or by mail, and shall be deemed to have
     been duly given and to have become effective (a) upon receipt if delivered
     in person or by telegraphic, facsimile or other electronic means, (b) one
     business day after having been delivered to an air courier for overnight

                                    - 117 -
<PAGE>
 
     delivery or (c) three business days after having been deposited in the
     mails as certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, all fees
     prepaid, directed to the parties or their permitted assignees at the
     following addresses (or at such other address as shall be given in writing
     by a party hereto):


          If to Seller, addressed to:

               National Medical Enterprises
               2700 Colorado Avenue
               Santa Monica, CA 90404
               Attn:  Treasurer
               Facsimile:  (310) 998-6507

     with a copy to counsel for Seller:

               National Medical Enterprises
               2700 Colorado Avenue
               Santa Monica, CA 90404
               Attn:  General Counsel
               Facsimile:  (310) 998-6956

               and

               Munger, Tolles & Olson
               355 South Grand Avenue
               35th Floor
               Los Angeles, CA 90071
               Attn: Robert L. Adler
               Facsimile: (213) 687-3702

     If to Buyer, addressed to:

               Charter Medical Corporation
               577 Mulberry St.
               Macon, GA 31298
               Attn:  Executive Vice President - Finance
               Facsimile:  (912) 751-2832

                                    - 118 -
<PAGE>
 
     with a copy to counsel for Buyer:

               King & Spalding
               191 Peachtree Street
               Atlanta, GA 30303-1763
               Attn:  Robert W. Miller
               Facsimile:  (404) 572-5144

          Section 12.2  Attorneys' Fees.  In any litigation or other proceeding
                        ---------------                                        
     relating to this Agreement, including litigation with respect to any
     Related Agreement (but excluding any proceedings under Sections 2.6(b),
                                                            --------------- 
     2.6(c) or 2.14), the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its
     ------    -----                                                       
     costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.

          Section 12.3  Successors and Assigns.  The rights under this Agreement
                        ----------------------                                  
     shall not be assignable or transferable nor the duties delegable by either
     party without the prior written consent of the other; and nothing contained
     in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any
     person or entity, other than the parties hereto and their permitted
     successors-in-interest and permitted assignees, any rights or remedies
     under or by reason of this Agreement unless so stated to the contrary.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Buyer may grant to its lenders a
     security interest in its rights under this Agreement, and (b) subject to
     the terms and provisions of Section 5.7, Buyer may assign its rights under
                                 -----------                                   
     Section 5.7 to the entities and in the circumstances described in Section
     -----------                                                       -------
     5.7(d).
     ------ 

          Section 12.4  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
                        ------------                                           
     more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
     which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

          Section 12.5  Captions and Paragraph Headings.  Captions and paragraph
                        -------------------------------                         
     headings used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this
     Agreement and shall not be used in construing it.

          Section 12.6  Entirety of Agreement; Amendments.  This Agreement
                        ---------------------------------                 
     (including the Schedules and Exhibits hereto), the other documents and
     instruments specifically provided for in this Agreement, and the Subsequent
     Facilities Agreement contain the entire understanding between the parties
     concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and such other documents
     and instruments and, except as expressly provided for herein, supersede all
     prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between 

                                    - 119 -
<PAGE>
 
     them with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no
     representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements or understandings,
     oral or written, between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter
     of this Agreement and such other documents and instruments which are not
     fully expressed herein or therein. This Agreement may be amended or
     modified only by an agreement in writing signed by each of the parties
     hereto. All Exhibits and Schedules attached to or delivered in connection
     with this Agreement are integral parts of this Agreement as if fully set
     forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this
     Agreement and the Subsequent Facilities Agreement shall, upon their
     execution, replace and substitute for that certain Asset Sale Agreement
     between the parties dated as of March 29, 1994 related to both the First
     Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities which shall be of no further force
     and effect, it being agreed that the effectiveness of this Agreement and of
     the Subsequent Facilities Agreement shall relate back from their actual
     date of execution to and including March 29, 1994.  The representations and
     warranties of the parties made herein shall likewise be deemed to have been
     made as of March 29, 1994.

          Section 12.7  Construction.  This Agreement and any documents or
                        ------------                                      
     instruments delivered pursuant hereto shall be construed without regard to
     the identity of the person who drafted the various provisions of the same.
     Each and every provision of this Agreement and such other documents and
     instruments shall be construed as though the parties participated equally
     in the drafting of the same.  Consequently, the parties acknowledge and
     agree that any rule of construction that a document is to be construed
     against the drafting party shall not be applicable either to this Agreement
     or such other documents and instruments.

          Section 12.8  Waiver.  The failure of a party to insist, in any one or
                        ------                                                  
     more instances, on performance of any of the terms, covenants and
     conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or
     relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or of the future performance
     of any such term, covenant or condition, but the obligations of the parties
     with respect thereto shall continue in full force and effect.  No waiver of
     any provision or condition of this Agreement by a party shall be valid
     unless in writing signed by such party or operational by the terms of this
     Agreement.  A waiver by one party of the performance of any covenant,
     condition, representation or warranty of the other party shall not
     invalidate this Agreement, nor shall such waiver be construed as a waiver
     of any other covenant, condition, representation or warranty.  A waiver by
     any party of 

                                    - 120 -
<PAGE>
 
     the time for performing any act shall not constitute a waiver of the time
     for performing any other act or the time for performing an identical act
     required to be performed at a later time.

          Section 12.9  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed in all
                        -------------                                          
     respects, including validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the
     State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
     thereof, provided that the validity, interpretation and effect of any
              --------                                                    
     instruments by which real property is conveyed at a Scheduled Closing shall
     be governed by the laws of the state in which such real property is
     located.  Any action arising under this Agreement shall be adjudicated (a)
     in Los Angeles, California, if brought by Buyer or its Affiliates against
     Seller, any Subsidiary or their respective Affiliates, and (b) in
     [Atlanta], Georgia, if brought by Seller or its Affiliates against Buyer,
     any Buyer Subsidiary or their respective Affiliates, provided that any
     cross-claim or counterclaim shall also be adjudicated in the court in which
     the underlying action has been brought in accordance with this Section
                                                                    ------- 
     12.9.
     ----

          Section 12.10  Severability.  Whenever possible, each provision of
                         ------------                                       
     this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid, binding
     and enforceable under applicable law, but if any provision of this
     Agreement is held to be invalid, void (or voidable) or unenforceable under
     applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent held
     to be invalid, void (or voidable) or unenforceable, without affecting the
     remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

          Section 12.11  Consents Not Unreasonably Withheld.  Wherever the
                         ----------------------------------               
     consent or approval of any party is required under this Agreement, such
     consent or approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless such consent
     or approval is to be given by such party at the sole or absolute discretion
     of such party or is otherwise similarly qualified.

          Section 12.12  Time Is of the Essence.  Time is hereby expressly made
                         ----------------------                                
     of the essence with respect to each and every term and provision of this
     Agreement.  The parties acknowledge that each will be relying upon the
     timely performance by the other of its obligations hereunder as a material
     inducement to each party's execution of this Agreement.

                                    - 121 -
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement
     on the date first above written.

                              Buyer:
                              CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION


                              By __________________________

                                    Name _______________________

                                    Title ______________________


                              Seller:
                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.


                              By __________________________

                                    Name ____________________

                                    Title ___________________

                                    - 122 -
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT A
                                   ---------


                        BULK BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
                               (General Closing)


               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a
     Nevada corporation (the "Seller"), and each subsidiary of Seller set forth
     in Rider A hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and collectively, the
     "Subsidiaries"), pursuant to, and subject to the terms, provisions and
     conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement (First Facilities) dated
     ________________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and between Seller and CHARTER
     MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Buyer"), do hereby sell,
     convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Buyer, its successors and assigns,
     the Transferred Assets of Seller and the Subsidiaries described in the
     Agreement, except for those Transferred Assets sold, conveyed, assigned,
     transferred or delivered by Seller or a Subsidiary to Buyer or to a
     subsidiary of Buyer pursuant to separate instruments of sale, conveyance,
     assignment, transfer or delivery, including, without limitation, any
     Facility Specific Bill of Sale and Assignment, any deed, or any Assignment
     and Assumption of Real Property Lease.

               The sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer and delivery made
     hereunder is made without warranty of any kind, except as may be provided
     in the Agreement, including the warranty of merchantability or fitness for
     any purpose.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

                                      A-1
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and each Subsidiary have executed
     this Bulk Bill of Sale and Assignment this ___ day of _________, 1994,
     effective as of the date and time specified in the Agreement.

                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.
                                For Itself And As Attorney-In-Fact
                                For The Subsidiaries Listed In Rider A


                              By: ___________________________


                              Title: ________________________

                                      A-2
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                        BULK BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
                        --------------------------------


                             (List of Subsidiaries)

                                      A-3
<PAGE>
 
                               FACILITY SPECIFIC
                          BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT

                               (Facility No. ___)

               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a
     Nevada corporation (the "Seller"), and each subsidiary of Seller set forth
     in Rider A hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and collectively, the
     "Subsidiaries"), pursuant to, and subject to the terms, provisions and
     conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement (First Facilities) dated
     __________________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and between Seller and
     CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Buyer"), do
     hereby sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to the subsidiary of
     Buyer identified in Rider A hereto (the "Buyer's Subsidiary"), its
     successors and assigns, the Transferred Assets of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries described in the Agreement that are related to the healthcare
     facilities identified in Rider A hereto (together with related outpatient
     or satellite clinics, if any, the "Facilities"), except for those
     Transferred Assets sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred or delivered by
     Seller or a Subsidiary to Buyer or to Buyer's Subsidiary pursuant to
     separate instruments of sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer or delivery,
     of even date herewith, including, without limitation, any deed, or any
     Assignment and Assumption of Real Property Lease.

               The sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer and delivery made
     hereunder is made without warranty of any kind, except as may be provided
     in the Agreement, including the warranty of merchantability or fitness for
     any purpose.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

                                      A-4
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and each Subsidiary have executed
     this Facility Specific Bill of Sale and Assignment this ___ day of
     _________, 1994, effective as of the date and time specified in the
     Agreement.

                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.

                                For Itself And As Attorney-In-Fact
                                For The Subsidiaries Listed In Rider A


                              By: ___________________________


                              Title: ________________________

                                      A-5
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                 FACILITY SPECIFIC BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
                 ---------------------------------------------


     1.  Subsidiaries of Seller:
         ---------------------- 

               ______________________________

               ______________________________

               NME Psychiatric Properties, Inc.

               NME Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.

               NME Hospitals, Inc.

     2.  Facilities:
         ---------- 

          ______________________________
          ______________________________
          ______________________________

                    Related outpatient facilities:

                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________


     3.  Buyer's Subsidiary:
         ------------------ 

               ______________________________

                                      A-6
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT B
                                   ---------

                       ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL
                                 PROPERTY LEASE

                               (Facility No. ___)


     WHEN RECORDED, MAIL TO:



               THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL PROPERTY LEASE (this
     "Assignment") is entered into as of _____________, 1994, by and between the
     undersigned assignor (the "Assignor") and the undersigned assignee (the
     "Assignee"), pursuant to that certain Asset Sale Agreement (First
     Facilities) dated __________, 1994 (the "Asset Sale Agreement"), by and
     between the parent corporation of the Assignor, National Medical
     Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Assignor's Parent"), and the
     parent corporation of the Assignee, Charter Medical Corporation, a Delaware
     corporation (the "Assignee's Parent").


                                  WITNESSETH:
                                  -----------

               WHEREAS, Assignor is the tenant under that certain real property
     lease described in Rider A attached hereto wherein Assignor leases that
     certain real property described in Rider B attached hereto (the "Real
     Property Lease"); and

               WHEREAS, Assignor desires to assign all of its right, title and
     interest under the Real Property Lease and Assignee desires to assume all
     of Assignor's obligations thereunder;

               NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

               1.  Assignment of Lease.  Assignor hereby assigns unto Assignee
                   -------------------                                        
     all of the Assignor's right, title and interest in the Real Property 

                                      B-1
<PAGE>
 
     Lease, including, without limitation, any rights to renew, terminate or
     extend the term of the Real Property Lease, and any rights of first refusal
     respecting and options to purchase the leased premises that are the subject
     of the Real Property Lease.

               2.  Assumption of Real Property Lease Obligations.  Assignee and
                   ---------------------------------------------               
     Assignee's Parent, jointly and severally, do hereby assume all of the
     obligations of the Assignor under the Real Property Lease and all of the
     obligations of any guarantor of the Assignor's obligations under the Real
     Property Lease.

               3.  General Provisions.  Assignee and Assignee's Parent hereby
                   ------------------                                        
     confirm that Assignee has irrevocably appointed Assignee's Parent as its
     sole and exclusive representative, agent and attorney-in-fact with respect
     to all matters arising from or related to this Assignment.  Notices
     hereunder to the Assignor or the Assignor's Parent, or to the Assignee or
     the Assignee's Parent, as the case may be, shall be given to the Assignor's
     Parent or the Assignee's Parent, as the case may be, in accordance with the
     provisions of the Asset Sale Agreement.  The provisions of this Assignment
     shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each party hereto, the
     Assignor's Parent, any guarantor of the Assignor's obligations under the
     Real Property Lease, the lessor under the Real Property Lease, and the
     respective predecessors, successors and permitted assigns of each of the
     foregoing.  Unless otherwise expressly provided by the Real Property Lease,
     nothing in this Assignment and Assumption shall relieve the Assignor of its
     obligations to the lessor under the Real Property Lease or any such
     guarantor of its obligations under any such guaranty.  This instrument is
     governed by and subject to all of the representations, warranties,
     covenants, indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Asset Sale
     Agreement.

                                      B-2
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Assignment
     as of the day and year first above written.


ASSIGNOR:

______________________________, 
a _______________ corporation


By: __________________________


Title: _________________________


And By: ______________________


Title: _________________________
ASSIGNEE:

______________________________,
a ________________ corporation


By: _____________________________


Title: ___________________________


And By: _________________________


Title: ___________________________

CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION


By: _____________________________


Title: ___________________________


And By: ________________________


Title: ___________________________

                                      B-3
<PAGE>
 
     STATE OF CALIFORNIA      )
                              )      ss.
     COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES    )


               On ___________________, 1994, before me, the undersigned, a
     Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally appeared,
     ____________________ and _____________________, proved to me on the basis
     of satisfactory evidence to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
     the within instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same in
     their authorized capacities as ____________________ and _______________,
     respectively, of ___________________________________, a _____________
     corporation, and that by their signatures on the instrument, the entity
     upon behalf of which the persons acted, executed the instrument.

               WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                    _____________________________
                                              Notary Public


     (Notary Seal)



     STATE OF CALIFORNIA      )
                              )      ss.
     COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES    )


               On ___________________, 1994, before me, the undersigned, a
     Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally appeared,
     ____________________ and _____________________, proved to me on the basis
     of satisfactory evidence to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
     the within instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same in
     their authorized capacities as ____________________ and _______________,
     respectively, of ___________________________________, a _______________
     corporation, and that by their signatures on the instrument, the entity
     upon behalf of which the persons acted, executed the instrument.

               WITNESS my hand and official seal.



                                    _____________________________
                                              Notary Public

                                      B-4
<PAGE>
 
     (Notary Seal)

     STATE OF CALIFORNIA      )
                              )      ss.
     COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES    )


               On ___________________, 1994, before me, the undersigned, a
     Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally appeared,
     ____________________ and _____________________, proved to me on the basis
     of satisfactory evidence to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
     the within instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same in
     their authorized capacities as ____________________ and _______________,
     respectively, of Charter Medical Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and
     that by their signatures on the instrument, the entity upon behalf of which
     the persons acted, executed the instrument.

               WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                    _____________________________
                                              Notary Public


     (Notary Seal)

                                      B-5
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL PROPERTY LEASE
                ------------------------------------------------

                     (Description of Lease and Any Separate
                 First Refusal Rights and/or Purchase Options)


          __________________________________.

                                      B-6
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER B
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL PROPERTY LEASE
                ------------------------------------------------

                        (Description of Leased Premises)


                         ______________________________
                         ______________________________
                         ______________________________

                                      B-7
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT C
                                   ---------


                          GENERAL ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT


               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to, and subject to the
     terms, provisions and conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement
     (First Facilities) dated ___________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and
     between NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the
     "Seller") and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the
     "Buyer"), Buyer does hereby assume, and does hereby agree to pay, discharge
     and perform as and when due, the Assumed Liabilities described in the
     Agreement of Seller and of each subsidiary of Seller set forth in Rider A
     hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and collectively, the "Subsidiaries"),
     except for those Assumed Liabilities assumed, jointly and severally, by
     Buyer and a subsidiary of Buyer pursuant to separate instruments of
     assumption, including, without limitation, any Facility Specific Assumption
     Agreement or any Assignment and Assumption of Real Property Lease executed
     by Buyer and/or any subsidiary of Buyer in favor of Seller and/or any of
     the Subsidiaries.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

               This Assumption Agreement is being delivered in favor of Seller
     and each of the Subsidiaries.

                                      C-1
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer has executed this Assumption Agreement
     this ___ day of ________, 1994, effective as of the date and time specified
     in the Agreement.


                                 CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION
 


                                 By: _____________________________

                                 Title: __________________________

                                      C-2
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                          GENERAL ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
                          ----------------------------


                             (List of Subsidiaries)

                                      C-3
<PAGE>
 
                     FACILITY SPECIFIC ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

                               (Facility No. ___)



               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to, and subject to the
     terms, provisions and conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement
     (First Facilities) dated _____________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and
     between NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the
     "Seller") and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the
     "Buyer"), Buyer and the subsidiary of Buyer identified in Rider A hereto
     (the "Buyer's Subsidiary"), jointly and severally, do hereby assume, and do
     hereby agree to pay, discharge and perform as and when due, the Assumed
     Liabilities described in the Agreement of Seller and of each subsidiary of
     Seller set forth in Rider A hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and
     collectively, the "Subsidiaries") that are related to the healthcare
     facilities identified in Rider A hereto (together with related outpatient
     or satellite clinics, if any, the "Facilities"), except for those Assumed
     Liabilities assumed, jointly and severally, by Buyer and the Buyer's
     Subsidiary pursuant to separate instruments of assumption, of even date
     herewith, including, without limitation, Assignment and Assumption of Real
     Property Lease executed by Buyer and/or the Buyer's Subsidiary in favor of
     Seller and/or any of the Subsidiaries.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

               This Facility Specific Assumption Agreement is being delivered in
     favor of Seller and each of the Subsidiaries.

                                      C-4
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and the Buyer's Subsidiary have
     executed this Facility Specific Assumption Agreement this ___ day of
     _________, 1994, effective as of the date and time specified in the
     Agreement.


BUYER'S SUBSIDIARY:

______________________________, 
a _______________ corporation


By: __________________________


Title: ________________________
CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION



By: ______________________________


Title: _____________________________

                                      C-5
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                     FACILITY SPECIFIC ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
                     --------------------------------------



     1.  Subsidiaries of Seller:
         ---------------------- 

               ______________________________

               ______________________________

               NME Psychiatric Properties, Inc.

               NME Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.

               NME Hospitals, Inc.

 
     2.  Facilities:
         ---------- 

               ______________________________
               ______________________________
               ______________________________

                    Related outpatient facilities:

                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________


     3.  Buyer's Subsidiary:
         ------------------ 

               ______________________________

                                      C-6
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT D
                                   ---------


                  NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
                  -------------------------------------------


          THIS NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is
                                                                 ---------     
     made and entered into as of the ___ day of _____________, 1994, by and
     between NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation
                                                                     
     ("Seller"), and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
       ------                                                           
     ("Buyer"), with reference to the following facts.
       -----                                          

          A.  Buyer and Seller are parties to a Asset Sale Agreement (First
     Facilities) dated ___________, 1994 (the "Asset Sale Agreement"), pursuant
                                               --------------------            
     to which Seller is causing certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the
                                                                             
     "Subsidiaries") to sell, and Buyer and certain of its wholly-owned
     -------------                                                     
     subsidiaries (the "Buyer Subsidiaries") are buying, certain mental health
                        ------------------                                    
     facilities (the "Facilities") and related assets (such Facilities and
                      ----------                                          
     related assets being referred to as the "Transferred Assets") through which
                                              ------------------                
     the Subsidiaries have provided mental health services to the public.

          B.  To assist in the orderly transition in the ownership of the
     Facilities following the purchases and sales contemplated by the Asset Sale
     Agreement (the "Transactions"), Seller has agreed to, or will cause its
                     ------------                                           
     pertinent Affiliates (as such term is defined in the Asset Sale Agreement)
     to, permit the Facilities to participate in certain national purchasing
     contracts of Seller and its Affiliates (together, the "Seller Group") to
                                                            ------------     
     the extent such Facilities have previously participated therein, all in
     accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the
     agreements contained herein and in the Asset Sale Agreement, and for other
     good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
     hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do
     hereby agree as follows:

          Section 1  Participation In National Purchasing Contracts.  On the
                     ----------------------------------------------         
     terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Seller hereby agrees to
     exercise its reasonable commercial efforts for the term set forth in
     Section 6.1 to permit Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries to participate to
     the extent they

                                      D-1
<PAGE>
 
     choose in the national purchasing contracts or programs of Seller and its
     Affiliates set forth in Rider A hereto (as modified from time to time, the
     "National Contracts") on substantially the same basis as members of the
      ------------------                                                    
     Seller Group participate in such National Contracts, provided that such
                                                          --------          
     participation shall be solely for the purpose of supporting and shall be
     limited to the operations of the Facilities.

          Section 2  Primary Negotiating Party.  Buyer agrees that Seller or
                     -------------------------                              
     pertinent members of the Seller Group shall remain the primary negotiating
     party (the "Primary Negotiating Party") with respect to dealing with third
                 -------------------------                                     
     parties under all such National Contracts, and Buyer agrees that without
     the prior written consent of Seller or the pertinent member of the Seller
     Group (which consent shall be in the absolute discretion of Seller or such
     pertinent member of the Seller Group), neither Buyer nor any Affiliate of
     Buyer (the "Buyer Group") shall initiate any discussions or engage in any
                 -----------                                                  
     dealings with third parties with respect to matters arising under or
     related to such National Contracts.  Seller agrees to cause the Primary
     Negotiating Party to consider the unique needs of the Facilities when
     negotiating terms, provisions and purchasing arrangements under such
     National Contracts, but the Primary Negotiating Party shall be under no
     obligation to expend any efforts, reasonable or otherwise, to address such
     needs if to do so would cause any economic detriment to any member of the
     Seller Group.

          Section 3  Fees and Charges.  In consideration for participation in
                     ----------------                                        
     the National Contracts, Buyer agrees as follows:

               3.1  Buyer shall pay Seller a monthly participation fee (the
                                                                           
     "Participation Fee") as set forth in Rider B hereto.  Such Participation
     ------------------                                                      
     Fee shall be payable on the first day of each month during the term of this
     Agreement, pro-rated for partial periods.

               3.2  In the event that, pursuant to arrangements applicable to a
     particular purchase or purchases under a National Contract, a member of the
     Buyer Group becomes directly obligated to third parties for the Cost of
     goods and services provided to such member of the Buyer Group, then such
     member of the Buyer Group shall promptly pay to such third parties the
     Costs billed to such member of the Buyer Group upon presentation to it of
     reasonably detailed invoices therefor, such payments to be made in
     accordance with the terms and tenor of such invoices.

                                      D-2
<PAGE>
 
               3.3  Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller
     and each member of the Seller Group from and against any and all loss,
     liability, damage and expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees and
     costs of investigation, litigation, settlement and judgment, which Seller
     and each member of the Seller Group may sustain or suffer or to which they
     may become subject as a result of any failure of any member of the Buyer
     Group to comply with the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.
                                                           --------- 

          Section 4  Disclaimer of Warranties.  Seller agrees to use reasonable
                     ------------------------                                  
     efforts to permit members of the Buyer Group to participate in the National
     Contracts to the extent set forth in Section 1, but no member of the Seller
                                          ---------                             
     Group shall be liable to any member of the Buyer Group for any loss, damage
     or expense which may result from such participation, for negligent
     performance by any member of the Seller Group in connection with such
     participation, or for any changes in the terms, manner, method or mode by
     which goods and services are procured under the National Contracts.
     Neither Seller nor any member of the Seller Group makes any warranty,
     express or implied, to Buyer or any member of the Buyer Group respecting
     goods and services supplied under a National Contract or this Agreement,
     including without limitation warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
     particular purpose, and as between members of the Seller Group and members
     of the Buyer Group, goods and services shall be provided and accepted "AS
     IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS."  Without limiting the generality of the
     foregoing, Seller agrees to exercise reasonable efforts, and to cause
     members of the Seller Group to exercise reasonable efforts, to pass through
     to pertinent members of the Buyer Group the benefit of any warranties
     provided by third parties, to the extent permitted by the warranties in
     question, with respect to goods and services supplied by such third parties
     to such members of the Buyer Group, provided that such reasonable efforts
                                         --------                             
     shall not include the initiation of any legal proceedings and provided
                                                                   --------
     further that Buyer shall, or shall cause the pertinent member or members of
     -------                                                                    
     the Buyer Group to, reimburse Seller and each member of the Seller Group
     for any expenses incurred by them in connection with passing through the
     benefit of any such warranty or warranties.

          Section 5  Limitation on Obligations of Seller Group.  The parties
                     -----------------------------------------              
     agree that the sole obligation of Seller and members of the Seller Group
     under this Agreement is to exercise reasonable efforts to permit, subject
     to the terms hereof and the terms of the National Contracts, members of the
     Buyer Group to participate in the National Contracts.  Nothing herein shall
     obligate any member of the Seller Group to enforce any rights of any

                                      D-3
<PAGE>
 
     member of the Buyer Group arising under any National Contract or with
     respect to any third party.  Absent fraud or conversion, and
     notwithstanding the form in which any claim or action may be brought or
     asserted, the liability of members of the Seller Group for acts or
     omissions arising from or relating to the performance of this Agreement
     shall be limited to repayment, as general damages, of the Participation Fee
     paid by Buyer for the month or months in which such acts or omissions
     occurred, and no member of the Seller Group shall, under any circumstances,
     have any other financial liability hereunder to members of the Buyer Group
     whatsoever.  Buyer agrees, and shall cause each participating member of the
     Buyer Group to agree, that the provisions of this Section 5 limiting their
                                                       ---------               
     remedies and liquidating their damages are reasonable in the circumstances
     existing on the date of this Agreement.

          Section 6  Term and Termination.
                     -------------------- 

               6.1  This Agreement is effective on the date first written above,
     and shall remain in effect for the term set forth herein unless sooner
     terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.  The initial term of
     this Agreement shall be for a period of ___________ (   ) days from the
     date first written above.  The term of this Agreement may be extended by
     mutual agreement of the parties, provided that such mutual agreement shall
                                      -------------                            
     be evidenced by a duly executed amendment to this Agreement.

               6.2  Buyer may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if
     Seller or any member of the Seller Group commits any material breach of
     this Agreement, and fails to cure the breach within thirty (30) days after
     written notice or, if the breach cannot be cured within thirty (30) days,
     fails to commence diligent efforts to cure the breach within that period.

               6.3  Seller may terminate the participation of Buyer or any
     member of the Buyer Group with respect to any National Contract in
     accordance with Section 7.2.  In addition, Seller may terminate this
     Agreement upon written notice to Buyer if Buyer or any member of the Buyer
     Group (i) fails to pay any amount when due hereunder, or (ii) commits any
     material breach of this Agreement and, if such breach is other than a
     failure to pay any amount when due hereunder, fails to cure the breach
     within thirty (30) days after written notice or, if the breach cannot be
     cured within thirty (30) days, fails to commence diligent efforts to cure
     the breach within that period.

                                      D-4
<PAGE>
 
               6.4  Buyer may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause,
     upon forty-five (45) days' written notice.

               6.5  Seller may terminate this Agreement if Buyer or any Buyer
     Subsidiary becomes insolvent or admits in writing its insolvency or
     inability to pay its debts as they become due; is unable or does not pay
     its debts as they become due; makes or proposes an assignment for the
     benefit of creditors; convenes or proposes to convene a meeting of its
     creditors or any class thereof, for purposes of effecting a moratorium upon
     or extension or composition of its debts; proposes any such moratorium,
     extension or composition; or commences or has filed against it any
     bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency proceeding under any
     law in any jurisdiction for the relief of debtors; or if any receiver,
     trustee, liquidator or custodian is appointed to take possession of any
     substantial portion of its assets.

               6.6  Termination of this Agreement in whole or in part, for
     cause, shall be without prejudice to any other remedy otherwise available
     to the innocent party.

          Section 7  General Provisions.
                     ------------------ 

               7.1  Force Majeure.  If any party's performance is prevented,
                    -------------                                           
     hindered or delayed by reason of any cause(s) beyond such party's
     reasonable control ("Force Majeure") which cannot be overcome by reasonable
                          -------------                                         
     diligence, including without limitation, war, labor disputes, civil
     disorders, governmental acts, epidemics, quarantines, embargoes, fires,
     earthquakes, storms, power failures, equipment failures, transmission
     failures, or acts of God, such party shall be excused from performance to
     the extent that it is prevented, hindered or delayed thereby, during the
     continuance of such cause(s); and such party's obligations hereunder shall
     be excused so long as and to the extent that such cause(s) prevent or delay
     performance.

               7.2  Requirements of Third Parties.  Notwithstanding any other
                    -----------------------------                            
     provision hereof, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that members of the Buyer
     Group shall not be entitled to participate in one or more National
     Contracts to the extent that to do so would violate the contractual
     arrangements that may exist from time to time between members of the Seller
     Group and third party suppliers and vendors or to the extent that such
     participation is unacceptable to any such third party supplier or vendor,
     and

                                      D-5
<PAGE>
 
     that the continued participation of any member of the Buyer Group in one or
     more National Contracts may be terminated immediately upon written notice
     to Buyer in such event.

               7.3  Entirety of Agreement; Amendments.  This Agreement
                    ---------------------------------                 
     (including the Riders hereto), the Asset Sale Agreement (including the
     Schedules and Exhibits thereto), and the other documents and instruments
     specifically provided for herein and therein contain the entire
     understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this
     Agreement and such other documents and instruments and, except as expressly
     provided for herein or therein, supersede all prior understandings and
     agreements, whether oral or written, between them with respect to the
     subject matter hereof and thereof.  The are no representations, warranties,
     agreements, arrangements or understandings, oral or written, between the
     parties hereto relating to the subject matters of this Agreement and such
     other documents and instruments which are not fully expressed herein or
     therein.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an agreement in
     writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

               7.4  Incorporation of Provisions of Asset Sale Agreement.  The
                    ---------------------------------------------------      
     following provisions of the Asset Sale Agreement are incorporated herein by
     reference mutatis mutandis:  Sections 2.16, 12.1 through 12.5, and 12.7
                                  -------------  ----         ----      ----
     through 12.12.
             ----- 

                                      D-6
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement
     on the date first above written.

                              Buyer:
                              CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION
 
                                    For Itself and as Duly
                                    Authorized Agent and
                                    Attorney-In-Fact for each
                                    Buyer Subsidiary



                              By __________________________
                                    Name _______________________
                                    Title ______________________


                              Seller:
                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.

                              By __________________________

                                    Name ____________________
                                    Title ___________________

                                      D-7
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                  NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
                  -------------------------------------------



            [List of National Purchasing Contracts Attached Hereto]

                                      D-8
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER B
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                  NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
                  -------------------------------------------


                          (Participation Fee To Come)

                                      D-9
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT E

                              REMAINING SCHEDULES


                                      None

                                      E-1
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT F

                   FORM OF DATA PROCESSING SERVICES CONTRACT

                                      F-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.FF
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(ff)

                                                                      CHARTER.SF

                              ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
                            (SUBSEQUENT FACILITIES)



                                     ******



                       NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.


                                   As Seller



                                      AND



                          CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION



                                    As Buyer



                             Dated:  March 29, 1994

<PAGE>
 
                              ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
                            (SUBSEQUENT FACILITIES)

                               Table of Contents

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          <S>                                                           <C>
          PREAMBLE.....................................................  1

                                  ARTICLE 1............................  2

                                  DEFINITIONS

          Section 1.1  Certain Defined Terms...........................  2
          Section 1.2  Index of Other Defined Terms....................  4

                                  ARTICLE 2............................  8

                              BASIC TRANSACTIONS

          Section 2.1  Purchased Assets................................  8
          Section 2.2  Excluded Assets................................. 13
          Section 2.3  Assumed Liabilities............................. 15
          Section 2.4  Excluded Liabilities............................ 17
          Section 2.5  Purchase Price.................................. 20
          Section 2.6  Payment of Purchase Price....................... 20
               (a)  Payment of Tentative Purchase Price................ 21
               (b)  Determination of Interim Net Book Values........... 21
               (c)  Determination of Final Net Book Values............. 22
               (d)  Seller as Agent of Subsidiaries.................... 24
          Section 2.7  Allocation of Purchase Price.................... 24
          Section 2.8  Contingent Lease Obligations.................... 25
          Section 2.9  Remittances and Receivables..................... 25
               (a)  In General......................................... 25
               (b)  Receivables........................................ 27
               (c)  Straddle Patient Receivables....................... 28
                    (i)  Cut-Off Billings.............................. 28
                    (ii)  Cut-Off Billings Not Accepted................ 29
               (d)  Cooperation in Collecting Receivables and
                    Excluded Assets.................................... 30
               (e)  Non-Assignable Receivables......................... 30
               (f)  Collection Fee..................................... 31
</TABLE>

                                      (i)
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>

          <S>                                                           <C>
          Section 2.10  Employee Matters............................... 32
               (a)  Pension Plans...................................... 32
               (b)  Retained Employees................................. 32
               (c)  Hiring of Retained Employees....................... 34
               (d)  Health Benefits.................................... 34
               (e)  Acknowledgement of Responsibility.................. 35
          Section 2.11  Use of Names................................... 36
          Section 2.12  No Assignment If Breach; Seller's Discharge
                        of Assumed Liabilities......................... 37
          Section 2.13  Closings....................................... 40
               (a)  The First Closing.................................. 40
               (b)  The Second Closing................................. 41
               (c)  The Final Closing.................................. 41
               (d)  Deliveries by Seller............................... 42
               (e)  Deliveries by Buyer................................ 43
               (f)  Escrow............................................. 43
          Section 2.14  Purchase Price Adjustment...................... 44
          Section 2.15  Transfer of Assets in Corporate Form........... 46
          Section 2.16  Assignment of Rights and Obligations to
                        Buyer Subsidiaries............................. 46
          Section 2.17  Data Processing Services....................... 48

                                  ARTICLE 3............................ 50

                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

          Section 3.1  Organization and Corporate Power................ 50
          Section 3.2  Subsidiaries.................................... 50
          Section 3.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement............ 51
          Section 3.4  Absence of Breach............................... 52
          Section 3.5  Private Party Consents.......................... 53
          Section 3.6  Governmental Consents........................... 53
          Section 3.7  Brokers......................................... 53
          Section 3.8  Title to Property............................... 54
          Section 3.9  Assumed Contracts............................... 55
          Section 3.10  Licenses....................................... 56
          Section 3.11  U.S. Person; Resident of Georgia............... 56
          Section 3.12  Employee Relations............................. 57
          Section 3.13  Employee Plans................................. 57
          Section 3.14  Litigation..................................... 58
          Section 3.15  Inventory...................................... 58
</TABLE>

                                      (ii)
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>
          Section 3.16  Hazardous Substances........................... 58
          Section 3.17  Financial Information.......................... 60
          Section 3.18  Changes Since Balance Sheet.................... 62
          Section 3.19  Transferred Business Names..................... 63
          Section 3.20  Compliance with Laws and Accreditation......... 64
          Section 3.21  Cost Reports, Third Party Receivables and       
                        Conditions of Participation.................... 65
          Section 3.22  Medical Staff.................................. 65
          Section 3.23  Hill-Burton Care............................... 66
          Section 3.24  Assets Used in the Operation of the             
                        Facilities..................................... 66
          Section 3.25  Taxes.......................................... 66
          Section 3.26  Lists of Other Data............................ 66
          Section 3.27  Certain Transactions........................... 68
                                                                        
                                  ARTICLE 4............................ 68
                                                                        
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER             
                                                                        
          Section 4.1  Organization and Corporate Power................ 68
          Section 4.2  Buyer Subsidiaries.............................. 68
          Section 4.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement............ 69
          Section 4.4  Absence of Breach............................... 70
          Section 4.5  Private Party Consents.......................... 70
          Section 4.6  Governmental Consents........................... 70
          Section 4.7  Brokers......................................... 71
          Section 4.8  Qualified for Licenses.......................... 71
          Section 4.9  Financial Ability to Perform.................... 71
          Section 4.10  No Knowledge of Seller's Breach................ 71
          Section 4.11  No Assurance................................... 71
                                                                        
                                  ARTICLE 5............................ 72
                                                                        
                            COVENANTS OF EACH PARTY                     
                                                                        
          Section 5.1  Efforts to Consummate Transactions.............. 72
          Section 5.2  Cooperation; Regulatory Filings................. 73
          Section 5.3  Further Assistance.............................. 74
          Section 5.4  Cooperation Respecting Proceedings.............. 74
          Section 5.5  Expenses........................................ 75
          Section 5.6  Announcements; Confidentiality.................. 76
</TABLE>

                                     (iii)
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>

<S>                                                                     <C>
          Section 5.7  Preservation of and Access to Certain
                       Records......................................... 78

                                  ARTICLE 6............................ 80

                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SELLER

          Section 6.1  Conduct Pending Closing......................... 80
          Section 6.2  Access and Information; Environmental Survey;
                       Remediation or Adjustment....................... 83
          Section 6.3  Updating........................................ 86
          Section 6.4  No Solicitation................................. 86
          Section 6.5  Name Changes.................................... 87
          Section 6.6  Filing of Cost Reports.......................... 87
          Section 6.7  Purchase of Supplies............................ 87
          Section 6.8  Covenant Not to Compete......................... 88
               (a)  Covenant........................................... 88
               (b)  Exceptions......................................... 88
                    (i)  Psychiatric Facilities and Contracts Not
                         Acquired By Buyer............................. 88
                    (ii)  Facilities Outside Geographic Area........... 89
                    (iii)  Acute Hospitals............................. 89
                    (iv)  Divestiture of Acquired Psychiatric
                          Facilities................................... 89
                    (v)  Acquiring Entities............................ 90
               (c)  Acute Hospital Affiliations........................ 90
               (d)  Covenant Period.................................... 92
               (e)  Severability....................................... 92
               (f)  Injunctive Relief.................................. 92
               (g)  Value.............................................. 93
          Section 6.9  Audited Statements.............................. 93
          Section 6.10  Post-Closing Insurance......................... 93
          Section 6.11  Use of Controlled Substance Licenses........... 94
          Section 6.12  Non-Disturbance Agreements..................... 94

                                  ARTICLE 7............................ 95

                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF BUYER

          Section 7.1  Waiver of Bulk Sales Law Compliance............. 95
          Section 7.2  Resale Certificate.............................. 95
 </TABLE>

                                      (iv)
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>

<S>                                                                     <C>
          Section 7.3  Cost Reports and Audit Contests................  95
          Section 7.4  Tax Matters....................................  96
          Section 7.5  Letters of Credit..............................  96
          Section 7.6  Conduct Pending Closing........................  96

                                  ARTICLE 8...........................  97

                         BUYER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

          Section 8.1  Performance of Agreement.......................  97
          Section 8.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.....  97
          Section 8.3  Officers' Certificate..........................  98
          Section 8.4  Consents.......................................  98
          Section 8.5  Absence of Injunctions.........................  98
          Section 8.6  Opinion of Counsel............................. 100
          Section 8.7  Title to Real Property......................... 100
          Section 8.8  Receipt of Other Documents..................... 102
          Section 8.9  Licenses and Permits........................... 102
          Section 8.10  Casualty; Condemnation........................ 102
          Section 8.11  Reasonable Assurances......................... 103

                                  ARTICLE 9........................... 104

                         SELLER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

          Section 9.1  Performance of Agreement....................... 105
          Section 9.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties..... 105
          Section 9.3  Officers' Certificate.......................... 105
          Section 9.4  Consents....................................... 105
          Section 9.5  Absence of Injunctions......................... 105
          Section 9.6  Opinion of Counsel............................. 107
          Section 9.7  Receipt of Other Documents..................... 107

                                  ARTICLE 10.......................... 108

                                  TERMINATION

          Section 10.1  Termination................................... 108
          Section 10.2  Effect of Termination......................... 108
</TABLE> 

                                      (v)
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
 
<S>                                                                     <C>
                                  ARTICLE 11........................... 109

                    SURVIVAL AND REMEDIES; INDEMNIFICATION

          Section 11.1  Survival....................................... 109
          Section 11.2  Exclusive Remedy............................... 109
          Section 11.3  Indemnity by Seller............................ 110
          Section 11.4  Indemnity by Buyer............................. 113
          Section 11.5  Further Qualifications Respecting
                        Indemnification................................ 115
          Section 11.6  Procedures Respecting Third Party Claims....... 116

                                  ARTICLE 12........................... 117

                              GENERAL PROVISIONS

          Section 12.1  Notices........................................ 117
          Section 12.2  Attorneys' Fees................................ 118
          Section 12.3  Successors and Assigns......................... 118
          Section 12.4  Counterparts................................... 119
          Section 12.5  Captions and Paragraph Headings................ 119
          Section 12.6  Entirety of Agreement; Amendments.............. 119
          Section 12.7  Construction................................... 119
          Section 12.8  Waiver......................................... 120
          Section 12.9  Governing Law.................................. 120
          Section 12.10  Severability.................................. 120
          Section 12.11  Consents Not Unreasonably Withheld............ 121
          Section 12.12  Time Is of the Essence........................ 121
</TABLE>

                                      (vi)
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBITS

                    A.   Forms of Bill of Sale and Assignment

                    B.   Form of Assignments with Respect to
                         Real Property Leases

                    C.   Forms of Assumption Agreement

                    D.   Form of Purchasing Contract

                    E.   Remaining Schedules


                               LIST OF SCHEDULES

               A-1       Subsidiaries and Their
                         Respective States of Incorporation;
                         Ownership of Subsidiary Stock

               A-2       Facilities

               2.1(a)    Real property owned in fee by Subsidiaries

               2.1(b)    Real Property Leases

               2.1(c)    Venture Agreements

               2.1(f)    Other Assigned Contracts

               2.1(h)    Transferred Business Names

               2.1(k)    Prepayments

               2.2(j)    Other Excluded Assets

               2.3(a)    Capitalized Leases and Capitalized Lease
                         Liabilities

               2.3(f)    Other Assumed Liabilities

                                     (vii)
<PAGE>
 
               2.4(i)    Indebtedness

               2.4(j)    Other Excluded Liabilities

               2.7       Allocation Schedule

               2.10(a)   Pension Plans

               2.12(c)   Schedule of Required Consents

               2.13B     Assigned EBITDA

               3.5       Private Party Consents

               3.7       Seller's Brokers

               3.8(a)    Liens

               3.8(b)(i)   Other Real Property
               and
               3.8(b)(ii)
 
               3.9       Assumed Contracts

               3.10      Licenses

               3.12      Certain Employee Relations Matters

               3.14      Litigation

               3.16      Environmental Matters

               3.17(a)   EBITDA Statements

               3.17(b)   Balance Sheet

               3.18      Changes Since Balance Sheet
 
               3.19      Conflicts With Transferred Business Names

               3.20      Compliance With Laws and Accreditations

                                     (viii)
<PAGE>
 
               3.21      Cost Reports, Third Party Receivables and 
                         Conditions of Participation

               3.22      Medical Staff

               3.23      Hill-Burton Care

               3.24      Assets Used in the Operation of the Facilities

               3.26(a)   Depreciation Schedules

               3.26(b)   Insurance

               3.26(c)   Employee Benefit Arrangements

               3.26(d)   Paid Time Off

               3.26(e)   Certain Contracts

               3.26(f)   Certain Indebtedness

               3.26(g)   Certain Financing Arrangements

               3.26(h)   Certain Contracts Related to Liens

               3.27      Certain Transactions

               4.5       Private Party Consents

               4.7       Buyer's Brokers

               4.11      Certain Scheduled Meetings

               6.1       Exceptions to Conduct

               6.7       National Purchasing Contracts

               7.5       Letters of Credit

               6.8(c)    Specified Acute Hospitals

                                      (ix)
<PAGE>
 
               8.7(b)  Disapproved Title Exceptions

                                      (x)
<PAGE>
 
                              ASSET SALE AGREEMENT
                              --------------------
                            (SUBSEQUENT FACILITIES)


          This ASSET SALE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into
                                          ---------                           
     as of the 29th day of March 1994 by and among  NATIONAL MEDICAL
     ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation ("Seller"), the Subsidiaries (as
                                               ------                        
     defined) and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Buyer"),
                                                                        -----   
     with reference to the following facts:

          A.   Through wholly-owned subsidiary corporations listed on the
     Schedule (as defined in Section 1.1) hereto identified as Schedule A-1 (the
                             -----------                       ------------     
     "Subsidiaries"), Seller engages in the business of delivering psychiatric
      ------------                                                            
     health care services to the public through the inpatient, outpatient and
     substance abuse recovery facilities, residential treatment centers and
     medical office buildings identified in Schedule A-2 under the following
                                            ------------                    
     facility numbers (such facilities, centers and buildings being herein
     sometimes referred to as the "Subsequent Facilities" or simply the
                                   ---------------------               
     "Facilities"):
      ----------   

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
NME No.           Name                                     City           State
- -------           ----                                     ----           -----
<C>       <S>                                              <C>             <C>
 
 4.       Los Altos Hospital & Medical Center              Long Beach      CA
 6.       Yorba Hills Hospital and Mental Health Center    Yorba Linda     CA
11.       Bay Harbor Residential Treatment Center          Largo           FL
13.       Laurel Oaks Hospital                             Orlando         FL
14.       Medfield Hospital                                Largo           FL
15.       Laurel Heights Hospital                          Atlanta         GA
16.       Brawner South Mental Health System               Stockbridge     GA
17.       Brawner Midtown Mental Health System             Atlanta         GA
18.       Arbor Hospital of Greater Indianapolis           Indianapolis    IN
19.       Jefferson Hospital                               Jeffersonville  IN
32.       MidSouth Hospital                                Memphis         TN
34.       Psychiatric Institute of Richmond                Richmond        VA
37.       Northbrooke Hospital                             Brown Deer      WI
38.       New Beginnings at Lakewood                       Lakewood        CA
42.       Brawner North Mental Health System               Smyrna          GA
50.       Fenwick Hall                                     Johns Island    SC
59.       Laurel Oaks Residential Treatment Center         Orlando         FL
</TABLE>

          B.   Buyer desires to purchase from the Subsidiaries, through wholly-
     owned subsidiaries of the Buyer (each, a "Buyer Subsidiary" and
                                               ----------------     
     collectively, the "Buyer Subsidiaries"), and Seller desires to cause the
                        ------------------                                   
     Subsidiaries to sell to the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries, such Facilities
     together with related assets (the "Transactions").
                                        ------------   
<PAGE>
 
          C.   Buyer and Seller are simultaneously with the execution of this
     Agreement entering into a separate asset sale agreement (the "First
                                                                   -----
     Facilities Agreement") in respect of the other inpatient, outpatient and
     --------------------                                                    
     substance abuse recovery facilities, residential treatment centers and
     medical office buildings  also identified in Schedule A-2 (the "First
                                                  ------------       -----
     Facilities").
     ----------   

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the
     agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
     the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
     hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                  DEFINITIONS

          Section 1.1  Certain Defined Terms.  For purposes of this Agreement,
                       ---------------------                                  
     the following terms shall have the following meanings:

               "Affiliate" of a specified person shall mean any corporation,
     partnership, sole proprietorship or other person or entity which directly
     or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by
     or is under common control with the person specified.  The term "control"
     means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause
     the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity.  The
     term "Affiliate" shall include, without limitation, (i) with respect to
     Seller, each Subsidiary, and (ii) with respect to Buyer, each Buyer
     Subsidiary.

               "Cost Report" means the cost report required to be filed, as of
     the end of a provider cost year or for any other required period, with
     cost-based Payors with respect to cost reimbursement.

               "Environmental Law" shall mean any Law regulating or otherwise
     relating to Hazardous Materials, the environment, natural resources,
     pollution, environmental protection, waste management, industrial hygiene,
     health, or safety.

               "Hazardous Materials" means any chemicals, materials, substances,
     or items in any form, whether solid, liquid, gaseous, semisolid, or any
     combination thereof, whether waste materials, raw materials, chemicals,
     finished products, by-products, or any other materials or articles, which
     are regulated by or form the basis of liability under any Environmental
     Laws, including, without limitation, any hazardous waste, 

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
 
     medical waste, biohazardous waste, industrial waste, special waste, solid
     waste, hazardous substance, pollutant, hazardous air pollutant,
     contaminant, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls ("PCBs"), petroleum
     (including, but not limited to, petroleum-derived substances, waste or
     breakdown or decomposition products thereof, or any fraction thereof), coal
     (including, but not limited to, coal-derived substances, waste or breakdown
     or decomposition products thereof, or any fraction thereof), natural gas
     (including, but not limited to, natural gas-derived substances, waste or
     breakdown or decomposition products thereof, or any fraction thereof),
     formaldehyde, industrial solvents, flammables, explosives, and radioactive
     substances.

               "knowledge" of a party shall mean the best of the knowledge of
     any person who serves as of the date of this Agreement as a duly elected
     officer of such party.

               "Laws" shall mean all statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances,
     orders, codes, permits, licenses and agreements with or of federal, state,
     local and foreign governmental and regulatory authorities and any order,
     writ, injunction, settlement agreement or decree issued or approved by any
     court, arbitrator or governmental agency or in connection with any
     judicial, administrative or other non-judicial proceeding (including,
     without limitation, arbitration or reference).

               "Licenses" shall mean certificates of need, accreditations,
     registrations, licenses, permits and other consents or approvals of
     governmental agencies or accreditation organizations.

               "Payor" shall mean Medicare, Medicaid, CHAMPUS and Medically
     Indigent Assistance programs, Blue Cross, Blue Shield or any other third
     party payor (including an insurance company and self-insured employer), or
     any health care provider (such as a health maintenance organization,
     preferred provider organization, peer review organization, or any other
     managed care program).

               "Release" means any release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping,
     emptying, dumping, injection, abandonment, deposit, disposal, discharge,
     dispersal, leaching, or migration of Hazardous Materials (including, but
     not limited to, the abandonment or discarding of Hazardous Materials in
     barrels, drums, or other containers) into or within the  environment,
     including, without limitation, the migration of Hazardous 

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
     Materials into, under, on, through, or in the air, soil, subsurface strata,
     surface water, groundwater, drinking water supply, any sediments associated
     with any water bodies, or any other environmental medium, regardless of
     where such migration originates.

               "Schedule" shall mean a schedule from the master set of schedules
     and attachments developed for this Agreement and the First Facilities
     Agreement and which is listed in the Table of Contents for this Agreement.
     The parties agree that to the extent information in a schedule from the
     master set of schedules and attachments is listed by a facility name and/or
     by a facility number, such schedule shall, for purposes of this Agreement,
     be deemed to include only the information contained therein that is related
     to the Subsequent Facilities, unless this Agreement expressly refers to
     information contained therein that is related to the First Facilities.

               "Taxes" shall mean (i) all federal, state, county and local
     sales, use, property, recordation and transfer taxes, (ii) all state,
     county and local taxes, levies, fees, assessments or surcharges (however
     designated, including privilege taxes, room or bed taxes and user fees)
     which are based on the gross receipts, net operating revenues or patient
     days of a Facility for a period ending on, before or including the relevant
     Closing Date (as defined in Section 2.13) or a formula taking any one of
                                 ------------                                
     the foregoing into account, and (iii) any interest, penalties and additions
     to tax attributable to any of the foregoing, but shall not include income
     and other taxes described in Sections 2.4(a) and (b).
                                  ---------------     --- 

          Section 1.2  Index of Other Defined Terms.  In addition to those terms
                       ----------------------------                             
     defined above, the following terms shall have the respective meanings given
     thereto in the sections indicated below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

               Defined Term                     Section
               ------------                     -------
               <S>                              <C>  
               Account Parties                  2.9(b)
               Accrued Operating Assets         2.5(b)
               Accrued Operating Expenses       2.3(g)
               Acquired Acute Hospitals         6.8(c)
               Acquisition Date                 6.8(c)
               Acute Hospitals                  6.8(b)(iii)
               Adjustment Sections              2.14
               Agreement                        Preamble
               Allocation Schedule              2.7
</TABLE> 

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE> 

               <S>                              <C>   
               Assumed Contracts                2.3(a)
               Assumed Guaranties               2.3(a)
               Assumed Liabilities              2.3
               Balance Sheet                    3.17(b)
               Buyer                            Preamble
               Buyer Subsidiary                 Preamble
               Charter Documents                3.4
               Claim Notice                     11.6
               Closing Date                     2.13
               COBRA                            2.10(d)
               Code                             3.11
               Collection Fee Base              2.9(f)
               Combined Receivables             3.17(d)
               Combined Subsidiaries            3.17(a)
               Competing Business               6.8(a)
               Consents                         8.5
               Consultant                       6.2(b)
               Contingent Contract              2.18
               Cost Report Settlements          2.2(i)
               Covenant Period                  6.8(d)
               Covered Facilities               6.8(b)(ii)
               Covered Parties                  6.8(a)
               Deductible Amount                11.3(b)(i)(B)
               Document Retention Period        5.7(b)
               EBITDA                           3.17(a)
               EBITDA Statements                3.17(a)
               Eligible Receivables             2.9(b)(ii)
               Employee Benefit Arrangements    3.26(c)
               Environmental Survey             6.2(b)
               Equipment                        2.1(d)
               ERISA                            2.10(a)
               Escrow Agent                     2.13(f)
               Estimated Net Book Values        2.6(a)
               Excess Interim Payments          2.1(l)
               Excluded Assets                  2.2
               Excluded Liabilities             2.4
               Exempted Competing Business      6.8(c)
               Facilities                       Recitals
               Final Closing                    2.13
               Final Closing Date               2.13
               Final Net Book Values            2.6(c)
</TABLE> 

                                      -5-
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE>
 
               <S>                              <C>        
               Financial Schedule               3.17(b)
               First Closing                    2.13
               First Facilities                 Recitals
               First Facilities Agreement       Recitals
               Hired Employees                  2.10(c)
               Hospital Records                 5.7(a)
               HSR Act                          3.4
               Indemnitee                       11.5
               Indemnitor                       11.5(a)
               Insurance Program                6.10
               Intercompany Transactions        2.1(f)(y)
               Interim Net Book Values          2.6(b)
               Inventory                        2.1(e)
               JCAHO                            3.20
               Leased Real Property             2.1(b)
               Loan Commitment Agreements       2.1(f)
               Loan Commitment Notes            2.1(f)
               Losses                           11.3(a)
               Manuals                          2.11(b)
               Material Adverse Effect          3.4
               Multiemployer Plans              2.10(a)
               Net Book Values                  2.5(b)
               1993 EBITDA                      2.13(b)
               Other Assigned Contracts         2.1(f)
               Original Closing Date            2.14
               Owned Real Property              2.1(a)
               Paid Time Off                    2.3(c)
               Panel                            2.14
               Patient Records                  5.7(a)
               Pension Plans                    2.10(a)
               Permitted Encumbrances           3.8(a)
               Permitted Expansions             6.8(b)(iv)
               Prepayments                      2.1(k)
               Purchase Price                   2.5
               Real Property Leases             2.1(b)
               Receivables                      2.1(l)
               Related Agreements               3.4
               Reorganization                   6.8(b)(v)
               Retained Employees               2.10(b)(iii)
               Schedule of Required Consents    2.12(c)
               Scheduled Closing                2.13
</TABLE> 

                                      -6-
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE> 

               <S>                              <C>        
               Second Closing                   2.13
               Seller                           Preamble
               Specified Acute Hospital         6.8(c)
               Specified Capacity               6.8(a)
               Straddle Patients                2.9(c)
               Straddle Patient Payments        2.9(c)(ii)
               Subject Transferred Assets       2.13
               Subsequent Facilities            Recitals
               Subsidiaries                     Recitals
               TEFRA                            2.9(c)(ii)
               Tentative Purchase Price         2.6(a)
               Termination Date                 10.1(b)
               Third Party Claims               11.5(a)
               Title Insurer                    8.7
               Title Policies                   8.7
               Transactions                     Recitals
               Transferred Business Names       2.1(h)
               Trigger Amount                   11.3(b)(i)(B)
               Unusual Proceedings              3.14
               Venture Agreements               2.1(c)
               Ventures                         2.1(c)
               WARN Act                         2.10(e)
               Working Capital Adjustment Date  2.6(c)
</TABLE> 

                                      -7-
<PAGE>
 
                                   ARTICLE 2
                               BASIC TRANSACTIONS

          Section 2.1  Purchased Assets.  On the terms and subject to the
                       ----------------                                  
     conditions contained in this Agreement, Buyer shall, or shall cause the
     applicable Buyer Subsidiary to, purchase from each Subsidiary, and Seller
     shall cause each Subsidiary to sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver
     to Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiary, the following assets of each
     such Subsidiary that are used in and necessary for the conduct of the
     operations of the Facilities (the "Transferred Assets"),  but excluding all
                                        ------------------                      
     Excluded Assets as defined in Section 2.2:
                                   ----------- 

               (a)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the real property owned in fee (the "Owned Real Property") that is
                                          -------------------          
     identified in Schedule 2.1(a) on which Facilities are located and all other
                   ---------------                                              
     real property owned in fee by the Subsidiary and used in and necessary for
     the conduct of the operations of the Facilities, together with the
     Facilities, construction work-in-progress, and all other buildings,
     fixtures and improvements thereon, and all rights, privileges, permits and
     easements appurtenant thereto.

               (b)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest, as lessee
     or sublessee, in and to the leasehold estates and the related lease or
     sublease agreements (the "Real Property Leases") respecting land,
                               --------------------                   
     Facilities, buildings, fixtures and real property improvements (whether
     owned or leased) (the "Leased Real Property") identified in Schedule
                            --------------------                 --------
     2.1(b), together with all construction work-in-progress in respect of same
     ------
     and all rights, privileges and easements appurtenant thereto.

               (c)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the joint ventures or partnerships identified in Schedule 2.1(c) hereto
                                                      ---------------       
     (the "Ventures") that relate to partnerships or joint ventures that own or
           --------                                                            
     lease Facilities or other Transferred Assets, together with all of the
     Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to the joint venture or
     partnership agreements, also identified in such Schedule (the "Venture
                                                                    -------
     Agreements"), that govern such partnerships or joint ventures, and, subject
     ----------                                                                 
     to the provisions of Section 7.6, in and to all distributions and
                          -----------                                 
     allocations which the Subsidiary is entitled to receive as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing (as defined in Section 2.13).
                                      ------------  

                                      -8-
<PAGE>
 
               (d)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     fixed machinery and equipment, other fixtures and fittings, moveable plant,
     machinery, equipment and furniture, trucks, tractors, trailers and other
     vehicles, tools and other similar items of tangible personal property
     (collectively "Equipment") (i) that are not consumed, disposed of or held
                    ---------                                                 
     for sale or as inventory in the ordinary course of business, (ii) that are
     used, owned, held or leased by the Subsidiary as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, and (iii) that are used in and necessary for the conduct of the
     operations of the Facilities.

               (e)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     inventories of supplies, drugs, food, janitorial and office supplies,
     maintenance and shop supplies, and other similar items of tangible personal
     property intended to be consumed, disposed of or sold in the ordinary
     course of business (collectively, the "Inventory") that are used, owned or
                                            ---------                          
     held by the Subsidiary as of the relevant Scheduled Closing and that are
     used by the Subsidiary in and necessary for the conduct of the operations
     of the Facilities.

               (f)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     all written contracts and agreements (the "Other Assigned Contracts") to
                                                ------------------------     
     which the Subsidiary is a party at the relevant Scheduled Closing, other
     than the Real Property Leases and the Venture Agreements, (i) that are
     listed on Schedule 2.1(f), (ii) pursuant to which the Subsidiary paid or
               ---------------                                               
     received less than $25,000 during its last fiscal year or pursuant to which
     it expects to pay or receive less than $25,000 during its current fiscal
     year, or (iii) with respect to Other Assigned Contracts not described in
     clauses (i) or (ii) above, for which Buyer has not provided Seller with
             ---    ----                                                    
     written notice of its rejection of such contract or agreement within sixty
     (60) days following the relevant Scheduled Closing, provided that the Other
                                                         -------------          
     Assigned Contracts shall not include any contract or agreement that relates
     to or covers healthcare facilities or operations of Seller other than the
     Facilities that are being sold, assigned, transferred or conveyed at such
     relevant Scheduled Closing except to the extent the portion of such
     contract or agreement related to such Facilities may be assigned together
     with the sale, assignment, transfer or conveyance of such Facilities.
                                                                           
     Schedule 2.1(f) contains a list by Facility of the following categories of
     ---------------                                                           
     Other Assigned Contracts pursuant to which a Subsidiary paid or received
     $25,000 or more during its last fiscal year or expects to pay or receive
     $25,000 or more during its current fiscal year:  construction contracts
     relating to construction work-in-progress at the Facilities; Equipment
     leases (whether operating or 

                                      -9-
<PAGE>
 
     capitalized leases) and installment purchase contracts where the annualized
     lease or installment payments exceed $25,000; contracts or arrangements
     binding on a Facility which contain any covenant not to compete or
     otherwise significantly restrict the nature of the business activities in
     which the Facility may engage; provider agreements with Payors other than
     Medicare and Medicaid (as defined in Section 1.1); bridge and other loan
                                          -----------    
     commitment agreements (the "Loan Commitment Agreements") pursuant to which
                                 -------------------------- 
     a Subsidiary has agreed to provide advances or income guarantees from time
     to time to lessors or sublessors under the Real Property Leases or to
     healthcare professionals, groups or entities providing services to the
     Facilities, together with promissory notes (the "Loan Commitment Notes")
                                                      ---------------------
     evidencing amounts owed to the Subsidiary as a result of any such advances
     or guarantees; agreements with healthcare professionals; leases as lessor
     or sublessor; and any other contracts in force pursuant to which the
     Subsidiary paid or received over $25,000 during its last fiscal year or
     expects to pay or receive $25,000 or more during its current fiscal year.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Other Assigned Contracts shall not
     include and Schedule 2.1(f) need not contain:
                 ---------------         
     
                    (w)  Any contract which evidences indebtedness for money
          borrowed or the deferred portion of the purchase price for Owned Real
          Property and is therefore an Excluded Liability under the provisions
          of Section 2.4(i), unless the parties mutually agree, in accordance
             --------------                                                  
          with the provisions of such Section 2.4(i), that such indebtedness
                                      --------------                        
          will be assumed by Buyer, in which case the contract or contracts
          evidencing such indebtedness will be Transferred Assets, provided that
                                                                   -------------
          if the indebtedness evidenced by any such contract is secured by a
          lien on any Transferred Asset, Seller shall cause such lien to be
          released at or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing unless Buyer
          agrees to assume such indebtedness pursuant to Section 2.4(i);
                                                         -------------- 

                    (x)  Any contract respecting an intercompany transaction
          between the Subsidiary, on the one hand, and Seller or an Affiliate
          (as defined in Section 1.1) of Seller, on the other, whether or not
                         -----------                                         
          such transaction relates to the provision of goods and services, tax
          sharing arrangements, payment arrangements, intercompany charges or
          balances, or the like ("Intercompany Transactions"), except that
                                  -------------------------               
          transactions arising in connection with open purchase orders where the
          Seller has acted as an intermediary for a Subsidiary and transactions
          between Seller or an Affiliate of Seller, on the one

                                      -10-
<PAGE>
 
          hand, and the ventures and partnerships described in Section 2.1(c)
                                                               --------------
          that are not wholly owned by Seller and its Affiliates, on the other
          hand, shall not be regarded as Intercompany Transactions;

                    (y) Employment contracts, if any, between the Subsidiary or
          a Facility and the chief executive or chief financial officer of such
          Facility, whether or not such officer is a Hired Employee (as defined
          in Section 2.10(c)); and
             ---------------      

                    (z)  Collective bargaining agreements in respect of the
          employees of a Facility, unless Buyer elects to assume such agreements
          (it being understood, however, that nothing herein is intended to
          affect Buyer's obligations with respect thereto, if any, under the
          National Labor Relations Act).

               (g)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the right to receive mail and other communications addressed to Seller or
     the Subsidiary insofar as such mail or other communication relates to the
     operation of the Facilities after the relevant Scheduled Closing, or to
     Receivables, Inventory, Prepayments or Accrued Operating Expenses (as
     herein defined).

               (h)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the business names set forth in Schedule 2.1(h) (the "Transferred Business
                                     ---------------       --------------------
     Names").
     -----   

               (i)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     Licenses (as defined in Section 1.1) in favor of the Subsidiary as of the
                             -----------                                      
     relevant Scheduled Closing that are related to, necessary for, or used in
     connection with the operation of the Facilities transferred in such
     Scheduled Closing as presently operated by the Subsidiary, provided that
                                                                -------------
     Licenses in favor of the Subsidiary shall be included in the Transferred
     Assets only to the extent they are lawfully transferable.

               (j)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     unexpired warranties as of the relevant Scheduled Closing that are
     transferable to Buyer which the Subsidiary has received from third parties
     with respect to the Transferred Assets, including, but not limited to, such
     warranties as are set forth in any construction agreement, lease agreement,
     equipment purchase agreement, consulting agreement or agreement for
     architectural and engineering services.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>
 
               (k)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     advance payments, prepayments, prepaid expenses, deposits and the like (i)
     made by the Subsidiary or Seller on its behalf in the ordinary course of
     business with respect to Subject Transferred Assets (as defined in Section
                                                                        -------
     2.13) prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, (ii) which exist as of such
     ----                                                                      
     Scheduled Closing, (iii) with respect to which Buyer will receive the
     benefit after the relevant Scheduled Closing, and (iv) which Buyer agrees
                                                   ---                        
     to acquire (Buyer hereby agreeing not to withhold such agreement
     unreasonably) (collectively, "Prepayments"), which Prepayments are listed
                                   -----------                                
     by Facility, category and approximate amount as of November 30, 1993 (or a
     later date if mutually agreed upon), in Schedule 2.1(k).
                                             --------------- 

               (l)  Subject to the further provisions of Section 2.9, all of the
                                                         -----------            
     Subsidiary's right, title and interest as of the Closing in and to accounts
     receivable recorded by the Subsidiary as an account receivable from Payors,
     patients and other third parties (whether or not billed) arising from or in
     connection with the operation of the Facilities, together with rights to
     payment for services rendered through the relevant Closing Date to Straddle
     Patients referred to in Section 2.9(c) (collectively, "Receivables"),
                             --------------                 -----------   
     provided that any account receivable that would, under Sections
     --------                                               --------
     2.9(b)(ii)(B) or (C), qualify as an "Eligible Receivable" as of the end of
     --------------------                                                      
     the month ending prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing shall, at the
     option of Buyer, not be a receivable included in the Scheduled Closing and
     shall be an Excluded Asset.  The parties hereby acknowledge that interim
     payments made by a Payor that are in excess of the net carrying value of
     the Receivables with respect to which such interim payments are a credit
     against amounts that would otherwise be due from the Payor ("Excess Interim
                                                                  --------------
     Payments") shall not be regarded as Receivables for any purpose of this
     --------                                                               
     Agreement, because such Excess Interim Payments do not reflect amounts
     which the recipient is entitled to retain for services rendered and such
     Excess Interim Payments are Excluded Assets and Excluded Liabilities under
     this Agreement.

               (m)  All of the Subsidiary's right, title and interest in and to
     the goodwill of the businesses evidenced by the Transferred Assets, and,
     except for Excluded Assets, any and all other assets of the Subsidiary used
     in and necessary for the conduct of the operations of the Facilities as
     conducted prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, whether or not such
     assets have any value for accounting purposes, provided that with respect
                                                    -------------             
     to NME Hospitals, Inc., NME Properties Corp., NME Psychiatric Properties,
     Inc., NME Specialty Hospitals, Inc. and any subsidiary of NME Specialty
     Hospitals, Inc. (including, without limitation, NME Psychiatric 

                                      -12-
<PAGE>
 
     Hospitals, Inc.), only those assets described in Section 2.1(a)-(l) above
                                                      ------------------ 
     (other than Excluded Assets) shall be included in the Transferred Assets.

          Section 2.2  Excluded Assets.  The following properties and assets
                       ---------------                                      
     (the "Excluded Assets") are not included in Transferred Assets:
           ---------------                                          

               (a)  Except for the Inventory, Receivables, Prepayments and
     current amounts represented by the Loan Commitment Notes, all assets
     constituting working capital, whether cash, cash equivalents, securities,
     or other current assets, and all claims, choses in action, rights of
     recovery, rights of set-off, rights to refunds, and similar rights.

               (b)  Except for the Transferred Business Names, Licenses and
     Other Assigned Contracts included in the Transferred Assets and except for
     manuals relating to equipment and other tangible property included in the
     Transferred Assets, all privileged or proprietary (to Seller or a
     Subsidiary) materials, documents, information, media, methods and processes
     owned by Seller or a Subsidiary, and any and all rights to use same,
     including, but not limited to, all intangible assets of an intellectual
     property nature such as trademarks, service marks and trade names (whether
     or not registered), computer software that is proprietary to Seller or a
     Subsidiary, all procedures and manuals that are proprietary to Seller or a
     Subsidiary, all promotional or marketing materials (including all marketing
     computer software), and any and all names under which the Subsidiaries or
     the Facilities have done business or offered programs, other than the
     Transferred Business Names, and all abbreviations and variations thereof,
     provided, however, that Buyer shall have the rights set forth in Section
     --------  -------                                                -------
     2.11.
     ---- 

               (c)  The rights of Seller or any Subsidiary under any insurance
     policy, if any, included in the Transferred Assets which relate to any
     Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability (as defined in Section 2.4) (it being
                                                         -----------           
     understood, however, that Buyer shall have no obligation to take any action
     under any such policy to seek any recovery except at the reasonable
     request, and at the sole expense, of Seller or a Subsidiary or to continue
     any such policies in force).

               (d)  The rights of Seller or of any Subsidiary to receive mail
     and other communications addressed to any of them with respect to Excluded
     Assets or Excluded Liabilities.

                                      -13-
<PAGE>
 
               (e)  Subject to the provisions of Section 5.7, any and all
                                                 -----------             
     business and patient records of or related to the operation of the
     Facilities, whether or not maintained at or by the Facilities.

               (f)  All property, plant, equipment and other assets pertaining
     to the psychiatric healthcare business of Seller or any subsidiary of
     Seller that relate primarily to any general hospital, acute hospital or so-
     called "campus facility" of Seller or any subsidiary of Seller and all
     outpatient facilities and other assets primarily related thereto.

               (g)  Any and all contracts and agreements pursuant to which a
     Subsidiary provides management services to third parties other than a
     Facility, except for such contracts and agreements as are specifically
     listed on Schedule 2.1(f).
               --------------- 

               (h)  Subject to Sections 2.17 and 6.7, any and all rights
                               -------------     ---                    
     respecting computer and data processing hardware or firmware that is
     proprietary to Seller or any Affiliate of Seller, and any computer and data
     processing hardware or firmware, whether or not located at a Facility, that
     is part of a computer system the central processing unit for which is not
     located at a Facility.

               (i)  All of the right, title and interest of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries in assets resulting from any resolution with Payors of amounts
     due with respect to Cost Reports ("Cost Report Settlements") to the extent
                                        -----------------------                
     such Cost Reports cover any period through the relevant Scheduled Closing
     with respect to a Facility and other rights of Seller respecting Cost
     Reports described in Section 6.6, including any assets or liabilities
                          -----------                                     
     resulting from any gain or loss on the sale of the Facilities in connection
     with the Transactions.

               (j)  (i) All amounts due to the Subsidiaries arising from
     Intercompany Transactions, (ii) assets that are the subject of the First
     Facilities Agreement, and (iii) such other assets, if any, specifically
     described in Schedule 2.2(j) and assets which would be Transferred Assets
                  ---------------                                             
     except for the operation of Sections 2.12, 6.2(c), 8.5, 8.7 or 9.5 or other
                                 -------------  ------  ---  ---    ---         
     provisions of this Agreement.

               (k)  All "800" telephone lines and related Equipment and contract
     rights and all advertising containing any name other than a Transferred
     Business Name.

                                      -14-
<PAGE>
 
     Seller shall remove at any time prior to or within thirty (30) days
     following the relevant Closing Date or, with respect to the Hospital
     Records (as defined in Section 5.7(a)), Seller may remove from time to time
                            --------------                                      
     within the relevant Document Retention Period (as defined in Section
                                                                  -------
     5.7(b)) (in each case, at Seller's expense, but without charge by Buyer for
     ------
     storage), any and all of the Excluded Assets from the Facilities, provided
                                                                       --------
     that Seller shall do so in a manner that does not unduly or unnecessarily
     disrupt Buyer's normal business activities at the Facilities.

          Section 2.3  Assumed Liabilities.  Subject to the terms and conditions
                       -------------------                                      
     set forth in this Agreement, Buyer shall assume and pay, discharge and
     perform as and when due only the following obligations and liabilities of
                             ----                                             
     Seller and the Subsidiaries and no others (the "Assumed Liabilities"), as
                                                     -------------------      
     such obligations and liabilities may exist at the time they are assumed by
     Buyer in accordance with the terms hereof:

               (a)  All liabilities and obligations of the Subsidiaries which
     pertain to or are to be performed during the period following the relevant
     Closing Date, and which arise under any contract, license, permit,
     agreement, arrangement, understanding or undertaking included in the
     Transferred Assets, including the Real Property Leases, the Venture
     Agreements, the Other Assigned Contracts and the Licenses, and any
     obligation or liability (the "Assumed Guarantees") of Seller or any
                                   ------------------                   
     Affiliate of Seller (including letters of credit and performance bonds)
     which is in the nature of a guaranty of the foregoing (together, the
     "Assumed Contracts"), including without limitation, the capitalized lease
      -----------------                                                       
     liabilities and obligations of the Facilities listed on Schedule 2.3(a).
                                                             --------------- 

               (b)  Without affecting the provisions of Sections 2.1(k), 2.6(a),
                                                        ---------------  ------ 
     2.6(b) or 2.6(c), all liabilities and obligations under open purchase
     ------    ------                                                     
     orders at a Facility included in the Subject Transferred Assets that were
     entered into by Seller or a Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business
     with respect to operation of such Facility on or prior to the relevant
     Closing Date and which provide for the delivery of goods or services
     subsequent to the relevant Closing Date.

               (c)  All obligations and liabilities to any Hired Employee for
     paid time off that is vested and with respect to which the Hired Employee
     would be entitled to payment upon termination of his or her employment with
     Seller or an Affiliate of Seller (including, for all purposes of this
     Agreement, "old paid days leave," "paid time off," sick leave and vacation

                                      -15-
<PAGE>
 
     pay to the extent that they are vested rights that are subject to payment
     upon termination of employment; collectively, "Paid Time Off") through the
                                                    -------------              
     relevant Closing Date in accordance with the employment policies of Seller
     and its Affiliates as they exist on the date of this Agreement; provided
                                                                     --------
     that if Seller satisfies any portion of such obligations and liabilities
     existing at the relevant Scheduled Closing by payment to a Hired Employee,
     then such payment shall be treated as a reduction of Accrued Operating
     Expenses (as defined in Section 2.3(g)).
                             --------------  

               (d)  Without limiting Seller's representations and warranties
     contained in Article 3 or Buyer's rights under Article 11 for a breach
                  ---------                         ----------             
     thereof, all liabilities and obligations respecting any changes or
     improvements needed to the Facilities for them to be in material compliance
     following the relevant Scheduled Closing with respect to such Facilities
     with safety, building, fire, land use, access (including without limitation
     the Americans With Disabilities Act) or similar Laws (as defined in Section
                                                                         -------
     1.1) respecting the physical condition of the Facilities.
     ---                                                      

               (e)  All liabilities and obligations respecting employee matters
     assumed by Buyer pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.10.
                                                    ------------ 

               (f)  Any liability or obligation which becomes an Assumed
     Liability by operation of Section 2.4(i) and such other liabilities and
                               --------------                               
     obligations pertaining to the Facilities, if any, specifically described in
                                                                                
     Schedule 2.3(f).
     --------------- 

               (g)  Any accrued and unpaid liabilities (whether or not due) of
     the Subsidiaries in existence on the relevant Scheduled Closing Date which
     relate to the Facilities, which were incurred in the ordinary course of the
     operation of the Facilities and which represent (i) trade payables incurred
     to suppliers of goods or services; (ii) water, gas, electricity and other
     utility charges; (iii) license fees; (iv) rent, common area maintenance
     charges, operating expenses and other charges arising under the Real
     Property Leases; (v) insurance premiums (but only with respect to policies
     that will be continued in force by Buyer after the relevant Scheduled
     Closing); (vi) salaries and other payroll costs respecting Hired Employees
     accrued in accordance with the normal accounting practices of Seller and
     the Subsidiaries (but not including bonuses or other incentive compensation
     or accrued benefits with respect to benefit plans that are not assumed by
     Buyer); (vii) Taxes, except for Taxes referred to in Section 5.5 relating
                                                          -----------         
     to expenses of the Transactions and payroll taxes respecting employees who

                                      -16-
<PAGE>
 
     are not Hired Employees; and (viii) similar liabilities incurred in the
     ordinary course of the operation of the Facilities and customarily recorded
     as a current liability, other than the current portion of long-term
     liabilities and obligations (the liabilities referred to in this Section
                                                                      -------
     2.3(g), together with the liabilities and obligations for Paid Time Off
     ------                                                                 
     assumed under Section 2.3(c), being herein referred to as "Accrued
                   --------------                               -------
      Operating Expenses").
     ------------------   

          Section 2.4  Excluded Liabilities.  The parties agree that liabilities
                       --------------------                                     
     and obligations of Seller and the Subsidiaries not expressly described in
     Section 2.3 as Assumed Liabilities are not part of the Assumed Liabilities,
     -----------                                                                
     and Buyer shall not assume or become obligated with respect to any other
     obligation or liability of Seller or any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of
     either of any nature whatsoever (whether express or implied, fixed or
     contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, accrued, due or
     to become due) (collectively, "Excluded Liabilities"), including, but not
                                    --------------------                      
     limited to, the liabilities and obligations described in this Section, all
     of which shall remain the sole responsibility of Seller or the pertinent
     Subsidiary or Affiliate, as the case may be.  Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing, Buyer shall not assume and shall have no
     liability or obligation of any kind for or with respect to any of the
     following liabilities or obligations:

               (a)  Subject to Section 5.5 respecting certain expenses incurred
                               -----------                                     
     in connection with the Transactions, any of Seller's or any of the
     Subsidiaries' (or their respective Affiliates') liabilities or obligations
     (including, but not limited to, any liabilities or obligations under any
     tax sharing agreements) with respect to franchise taxes and with respect to
     foreign, federal, state or local taxes imposed upon or measured, in whole
     or in part, by the income for any period of Seller and/or such Subsidiaries
     or any member of a combined or consolidated group of companies of which
     Seller and/or such Subsidiaries are, or were at any time, a part, or with
     respect to interest, penalties or additions to any of such taxes, and any
     income, franchise, tax recapture, transfer tax, sales tax or use tax that
     may arise upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and be due or payable by Seller or any Subsidiary, it being
     understood that Buyer shall not be deemed to be Seller's or any
     Subsidiary's transferee with respect to any such tax liability.

               (b)  Any of Seller's or any of its Subsidiaries' or Affiliates'
     liabilities or obligations with respect to the recapture of foreign,
     federal, state or local tax deductions or credits taken by Seller or such
     Subsidiary 

                                      -17-
<PAGE>
 
     imposed upon, or any taxable gain recognized by, Seller or such Subsidiary
     on account of the Transactions contemplated hereby.

               (c)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller, its Affiliates or a
     Subsidiary arising from the breach by Seller or such Subsidiary on or prior
     to the relevant Closing Date of any term, covenant, or provision of any of
     the Assumed Contracts.

               (d)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller, a Subsidiary or
     Seller's Affiliates now existing or which may hereafter exist by reason of
     any violation or alleged violation of Law or Laws by Seller or any of its
     Affiliates or by a Subsidiary, or by an employee or independent contractor
     of any of the foregoing where any of the foregoing is or is alleged to be
     responsible for the acts or omissions of any such person, occurring on or
     prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing Date.

               (e)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller or a Subsidiary now
     existing or which may hereafter exist by reason of any liability to refund
     any payment or reimbursement received by Seller or a Subsidiary from any
     Payor which is attributable to any period of time ending on or prior to the
     relevant Closing Date respecting such Facilities for which such payment or
     reimbursement was received.

               (f)  Liabilities or obligations of Seller or a Subsidiary under
     any Assumed Contract which would be included in the Transferred Assets but
     for the provisions of Section 2.12, unless Buyer is provided with the
                           ------------                                   
     benefits thereunder as contemplated in Section 2.12.
                                            ------------ 

               (g)  Liabilities of Seller and the Subsidiaries arising from or
     in connection with litigation described in Section 3.14, including, but not
                                                ------------                    
     limited to, the Unusual Proceedings described therein, and any and all
     liabilities or obligations of Seller and the Subsidiaries for claims for
     personal injury (including sickness, trauma, disease, pain and suffering,
     loss of future earnings, punitive damages and the like), property damage,
     and other damage and injury in existence (i.e., all elements of the claim
                                               ----                           
     are complete) at or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, whether or not
     any claim has been made or litigation has been instituted with respect
     thereto and whether or not any claim is covered partially or fully by
     insurance.

               (h)  Subject to Section 2.12, liabilities of Seller and the
                               ------------                               
     Subsidiaries incurred in connection with their obtaining any consent,

                                      -18-
<PAGE>
 
     authorization or approval necessary for them to sell, convey, assign,
     transfer or deliver any Transferred Asset to Buyer hereunder.

               (i)  Any liability of Seller or a Subsidiary representing
     indebtedness for money borrowed or the deferred portion of the purchase
     price for any Owned Real Property or Equipment (and any refinancing
     thereof), including without limitation the indebtedness identified on
     Schedule 2.4(i); provided that if, prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing,
     ---------------  --------                                                  
     the parties mutually agree that any such indebtedness or obligation will be
     assumed by Buyer and further agree upon an equitable reduction in the cash
     portion of the Purchase Price (as defined in Section 2.5) to reflect
                                                  -----------            
     Buyer's assumption of such indebtedness or obligation, then any such
     indebtedness or obligation will be deemed to constitute an Assumed
     Liability for all purposes of this Agreement; and provided further that
                                                       -------- -------     
     with respect to any such indebtedness or obligation not so assumed by Buyer
     that constitutes a lien or encumbrance upon any Transferred Asset, Seller
     agrees that on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing it will either
     pay or discharge such indebtedness or liability in full or otherwise cause
     such lien or encumbrance to be removed from such Transferred Asset, so that
     such Transferred Asset is sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred and
     delivered to Buyer at such Scheduled Closing free and clear of such lien or
     encumbrance.

               (j)  Such other liabilities and obligations, if any, specifically
     described in Schedule 2.4(j) and liabilities which would be Assumed
                  ---------------                                       
     Liabilities but for the provisions of Sections 2.12, 8.5, 8.7 or 9.5.
                                           -------------  ---  ---    --- 

               (k)  Amounts due from the Subsidiaries arising from Intercompany
     Transactions.

               (l)  Liabilities and obligations respecting Cost Report
     Settlements to the extent such Cost Reports cover any period through the
     relevant Closing Date and other obligations of Seller respecting Cost
     Reports described in Section 6.6.
                          ----------- 

               (m)  Subject to Section 2.10(f), liabilities and obligations for
                               ---------------                                 
     bonuses, other incentive compensation and benefits under benefit plans to
     the extent not specifically included in Accrued Operating Expenses.

          Section 2.5  Purchase Price.  The purchase price (the "Purchase
                       --------------                            --------
     Price") in the aggregate for all of the Transferred Assets shall be equal
     to the sum of (a) Fifty-Two Million Four Hundred Two Thousand Dollars

                                      -19-
<PAGE>
 
     ($52,402,000), subject to such adjustments, if any, as may occur pursuant
     to Sections 2.12, 2.14, 6.2(c), 8.5, 8.7, or 9.5 or other provisions of
                 ----  ----  ------  ---  ---     ---                       
     this Agreement, including the book value as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing of capitalized lease liabilities assumed and the value of any
     assumption of debt pursuant to Section 2.4(i), plus (b) an amount equal to
                                    --------------  ----                       
     the net book values as of the relevant Scheduled Closing of the Loan
     Commitment Notes, Inventory, Receivables and Prepayments (collectively,
                                                                            
     "Accrued Operating Assets") included in the Transferred Assets less Accrued
     -------------------------                                      ----        
     Operating Expenses, plus (c) an amount (determined on the basis of the
     Venture's balance sheet) equal to the net book value as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing of (i) the sum of each Venture's current assets and
     distributions payable to partners or venturers, less (ii) the sum of each
                                                     ----                     
     such Venture's current liabilities, indebtedness for money borrowed and
     capitalized lease liabilities, pro-rated in each case to the equity
     percentage in such Venture held by Seller and the Subsidiaries (the amounts
     in clauses (b) and (c) being referred to as the ("Net Book Values").  In
                ---     ---                            ---------------       
     addition, at the "First Closing" under this Agreement, Buyer shall pay to
     Seller the sum of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) for the covenant not to
     compete described in Section 6.8.  Notwithstanding anything in this
                          -----------                                   
     Agreement or in a Schedule hereto that might be construed to the contrary,
     Net Book Values will not be reduced by Seller's retained liability for
     Excess Interim Payments made by a Payor prior to the relevant Scheduled
     Closing that are in excess of the net carrying value of the Receivables
     transferred at such Scheduled Closing with respect to which such interim
     payments are a credit against amounts that would otherwise be due from the
     Payor.

          Section 2.6  Payment of Purchase Price.  That portion of the Purchase
                       -------------------------                               
     Price due and payable for the Transferred Assets actually sold, assigned,
     transferred and conveyed to Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries
     hereunder shall be paid as follows:

               (a)  Payment of Tentative Purchase Price.  No less than five (5)
                    -----------------------------------                        
     business days prior to each Scheduled Closing, Seller shall deliver to
     Buyer a certificate executed on the Seller's behalf by a responsible
     officer setting forth the Seller's estimate of what the Net Book Values
     will be as of such Scheduled Closing for the Subject Transferred Assets (as
     defined in Section 2.13) (the "Estimated Net Book Values"), and
                -------------       -------------------------       
     additionally setting forth (i) the Net Book Values for the Subject
     Transferred Assets recorded by Seller as of the most recent month-end prior
     to the delivery of such certificate for which data is available, and (ii)
     the methodology used by Seller for updating changes in Net Book Values
     since such month-end data 

                                      -20-
<PAGE>
 
     to arrive at such estimate. All determinations made with respect to the Net
     Book Values shall be based upon the internal records of, and the valuation
     methods customarily used by, Seller and the Subsidiaries, absent error, and
     consistent with generally accepted accounting principles with respect to
     the recording and accruing of the types of assets and liabilities included
     in Net Book Values. On the terms and subject to the conditions contained in
     this Agreement, at each Scheduled Closing Buyer shall pay to Seller, in the
     manner set forth herein, an amount equal to (iii) the portion of the
     Purchase Price arising under Section 2.5(a) (including any debt assumptions
                                  -------------- 
     pursuant to Section 2.4(i)) due at such Scheduled Closing as calculated on
                 ---------------
     the basis of the values assigned to the pertinent Subject Transferred
     Assets in the Allocation Schedule (as defined in Section 2.7) plus (iv) an
                                                      -----------  ----
     amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Estimated Net Book Values
     related to the Subject Transferred Assets,(the sum of clauses (iii) and
                                                                   -----
     (iv) being referred to as the "Tentative Purchase Price"), less (v) the
     ----                           ------------------------    ----
     book value of any capitalized leases assumed at such Scheduled Closing,
     less (vi) the value of any debt assumed pursuant to Section 2.4(i) at such
     ----                                                --------------
     Scheduled Closing.

               (b)  Determination of Interim Net Book Values.   As soon as
                    ----------------------------------------              
     practicable, but in no event later than sixty (60) days after each
     Scheduled Closing, Seller shall cause a schedule to be prepared and
     delivered to Buyer showing an interim calculation of the Net Book Values
     with respect to the Subject Transferred Assets (the "Interim Net Book
                                                          ----------------
     Values") as of the relevant Closing Date derived by Seller from the
     ------                                                             
     internal books and records of Seller and the Subsidiaries and otherwise in
     accordance with the second sentence of Section 2.6(a) with respect to the
                                            --------------                    
     Facilities included in such Subject Transferred Assets, as well as from a
     physical inventory, taken after the date hereof and prior to or as of such
     relevant Closing Date, of property which would constitute Inventory if the
     relevant Scheduled Closing had occurred on the date of such physical
     inventory. If such schedule as submitted by Seller is not challenged in
     writing by Buyer within thirty (30) days of its receipt of same, then it
     shall be deemed accepted by Buyer. If it is so challenged, then, unless
     otherwise resolved by agreement of the parties within thirty (30) days from
     the date of Buyer's challenge or such later date as the parties may
     mutually agree upon, such disagreement shall be mutually submitted by the
     parties to their respective independent certified public accountants for
     resolution. If such accountants cannot resolve the disagreement within
     thirty (30) days of such submission, then they shall submit the matter to a
     third accounting firm of national standing selected by them, whose
     determination shall be final and binding, and shall be rendered 

                                      -21-
<PAGE>
 
     within thirty (30) days of the date on which the matter is submitted to
     such firm. Any such third accounting firm shall determine the issues in
     dispute following such procedures, consistent with the language of this
     Agreement, as it deems appropriate to the circumstances and with reference
     to the amounts in issue. No particular procedures are intended to be
     imposed upon such third accounting firm, it being the desire of the parties
     that any such dispute shall be resolved as expeditiously and inexpensively
     as reasonably practicable. In the event that the Interim Net Book Values
     differ from the Estimated Net Book Values, whether determined on the basis
     of the schedule prepared by Seller, or agreement of the parties, or
     decision by independent public accountants, as the case may be, then and in
     such event, within five (5) business days following such determination of
     the Interim Net Book Values, either Buyer shall pay to Seller, or Seller
     shall pay to Buyer, as the case may be, in immediately available funds, the
     amount by which the Interim Net Book Values differs from the Estimated Net
     Book Values. The pendency of a dispute shall not affect the payment
     obligation hereunder of either Buyer or Seller to the extent such payment
     is not disputed.

               (c)  Determination of Final Net Book Values.  Within ten (10)
                    --------------------------------------                  
     business days following expiration of six (6) months from each Scheduled
     Closing, Buyer shall provide a certificate to Seller, executed on Buyer's
     behalf by a responsible officer, setting forth a proposed calculation of
     final Net Book Values with respect to the Subject Transferred Assets (the
     "Final Net Book Values") as of the end of such six (6) month period (a
     ----------------------                                                
     "Working Capital Adjustment Date") which shall contain a reconciliation as
     --------------------------------                                          
     of the relevant Closing Date of the Interim Net Book Values, adjusted only
     for (i) errors claimed by Buyer to exist in Seller's accruals for Accrued
     Operating Assets and Accrued Operating Expenses and the Ventures'
     calculations of partners' equity, partners' distributions payable and the
     net book value of Venture fixed assets, (ii) Buyer's ability
     to collect Receivables and the Ventures' ability to collect their accounts
     receivable in existence as of the relevant Closing Date, on or before the
     Working Capital Adjustment Date, in excess of the carrying value therefor
     as of the relevant Closing Date net of reserves, and by Buyer's or a
     Venture's receipt of Excess Interim Payments, (iii) Buyer's inability to
     collect Receivables and the Ventures' inability to collect their accounts
     receivable in existence as of the relevant Closing Date, on or before the
     Working Capital Adjustment Date,  in accordance with their net carrying
     values as of the relevant Closing Date, and (iv) Buyer's ability to pay
     Accrued Operating Expenses and the Ventures' ability to pay similar
     expenses of the Venture at less than their 

                                      -22-
<PAGE>
 
     book value as of the relevant Closing Date or Buyer's or the Ventures'
     payment of the same at more than their book value as of the relevant
     Closing Date to the extent legally required to do so. For purposes of any
     such calculation, (v) the accuracy of Seller's or the Ventures' accrual for
     real and personal property taxes shall be based upon the last notice of tax
     assessment respecting such property prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing
     that does not reflect the Transactions contemplated to occur at the
     relevant Scheduled Closing, (vi) variable or undetermined charges arising
     under Real Property Leases shall be accrued as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing on an historical basis, (vii) payments received on account of
     Receivables shall be applied in accordance with Sections 2.9(b) and (c),
                                                     ---------------     ---
     and (viii) expenses for such items as real and personal property taxes,
     utility charges, charges arising under leases, insurance premiums and the
     like shall be pro-rated as of the relevant Scheduled Closing. In the event
     that Buyer elects to reassign to Seller any Loan Commitment Notes on or
     prior to the relevant Working Capital Adjustment Date, then the Final Net
     Book Values shall be deemed to be further reduced by an amount equal to the
     uncollected portion thereof, in which case Buyer shall execute such
     documents of re-assignment as are reasonably satisfactory to Seller and
     such Loan Commitment Notes as are reassigned shall thereafter to be deemed
     to be Excluded Assets. Any dispute concerning Buyer's calculation of the
     Final Net Book Values that is unresolved for thirty (30) days shall be
     submitted for resolution by the parties' independent certified public
     accountants in accordance with the procedures contained in Section 2.6(b).
                                                                --------------
     Within five (5) business days following determination of the Final Net Book
     Values for a Scheduled Closing, either Buyer shall pay to Seller, or Seller
     shall pay to Buyer, as the case may be, in immediately available funds, the
     amount by which the Final Net Book Values differ from the Estimated Net
     Book Values, as adjusted for payments, if any, on account of the Interim
     Net Book Values. The pendency of a dispute shall not affect the payment
     obligation hereunder of either Buyer or Seller to the extent such payment
     is not disputed.

               (d)  Seller as Agent of Subsidiaries.  Seller shall, at or prior
                    -------------------------------                            
     to the relevant Scheduled Closing, cause each Subsidiary transferring
     Subject Transferred Assets thereat to irrevocably designate (with an
     original copy being provided to Buyer) Seller as its agent to receive on
     its behalf delivery of that portion of all payments made by Buyer hereunder
     to which such Subsidiary may be entitled as a result of its participation
     in such Scheduled Closing, including without limitation that portion of the
     Purchase Price attributable to the Subject Transferred Assets sold to Buyer
     by it, and to acknowledge that delivery of such payments, including the
     Purchase 

                                      -23-
<PAGE>
 
     Price, to Seller in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be
     conclusive and binding evidence against such Subsidiary that any payments
     or consideration due to such Subsidiary in respect of the Subject
     Transferred Assets sold to Buyer by it, or in respect of other payments due
     to it from Buyer under the terms of this Agreement, have been delivered.

          Section 2.7  Allocation of Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price shall
                       ----------------------------                           
     be allocated to the Transferred Assets on a Facility by Facility basis in
     accordance with Schedule 2.7 (as the same will, pursuant to the First
                     ------------                                         
     Facilities Agreement, be amended with respect to the First Facilities, the
     "Allocation Schedule"), except that the portion of the Purchase Price
      -------------------                                                 
     attributable to the Net Book Values shall be allocated in accordance with
     the amounts actually paid therefor in accordance with the provisions of
     Sections 2.5(b) and (c).  Seller and Buyer shall, and Seller shall cause
     ---------------     ---                                                 
     the Subsidiaries to, allocate the Purchase Price in accordance with the
     Allocation Schedule and allocate the Net Book Values portion thereof in
     accordance with the amounts paid therefor, to be bound by such allocations
     for all purposes, to account for and report the purchases and sales
     contemplated hereby for all purposes (including, without limitation,
     financial, accounting, Medicare reimbursement and federal and state tax
     purposes) in accordance with such allocations, and not to take any position
     (whether in financial statements, Cost Reports, tax returns, Cost Report or
     tax audits, or otherwise), including without limitation any claim to an
     adjustment in the basis of such assets by Buyer or its successors and
     assigns for Medicare purposes which is inconsistent with such allocations
     without the prior written consent of the other party, except to the extent,
     if any, required by applicable Law or generally accepted accounting
     principles.

          Section 2.8  Contingent Lease Obligations.  With respect to each Real
                       ----------------------------                            
     Property Lease for which Seller or a Subsidiary remains or will remain
     contingently liable after the relevant Scheduled Closing as lessee,
     sublessee, guarantor or assignor, Buyer hereby agrees to exercise its best
     efforts:

               (a) To cause the contingent liability of Seller or such
     Subsidiary, as the case may be, to be removed on or prior to any extension,
     renewal or modification of such Real Property Lease by Buyer or a Buyer
     Subsidiary;

               (b) To procure for Seller and the applicable Subsidiaries a
     security interest, in form reasonably satisfactory to Seller, in all of the

                                      -24-
<PAGE>
 
     right, title and interest of Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries in
     such Real Property Lease, junior only to the security interest of Buyer's
     most senior secured lenders, in order to secure the due and punctual
     performance by Buyer and the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries of the Assumed
     Liabilities represented by such Real Property Lease; and

               (c) To procure for Seller and the applicable Subsidiaries the
     right to acquire such right, title and interest in such Real Property
     Lease, at fair market value, in the event that Buyer and the applicable
     Buyer Subsidiaries fail to pay, perform and discharge when due the Assumed
     Liabilities represented by such Real Property Lease and such failure
     results in Seller or any Subsidiary being required to pay, perform or
     discharge any of such Assumed Liabilities.

          Section 2.9  Remittances and Receivables.
                       --------------------------- 

               (a)  In General.
                    ---------- 

                    (i) All remittances, mail and other communications relating
     to the Excluded Assets or Excluded Liabilities received by Buyer or a Buyer
     Subsidiary at any time after a relevant Scheduled Closing shall be promptly
     turned over by Buyer to the addressee thereof, or if the addressee is no
     longer affiliated with Seller, to Seller, and pending such delivery, Buyer
     shall have no interest in the same and shall hold such remittances, mail
     and other communications in trust for the benefit of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries. All remittances, mail and other communications relating to
     the Transferred Assets or the Assumed Liabilities received by Seller or any
     Subsidiary at any time after the relevant Scheduled Closing at which such
     Transferred Assets are transferred and such Assumed Liabilities are assumed
     by Buyer shall be promptly turned over by Seller or such Subsidiary to the
     addressee thereof, or if the addressee is no longer affiliated with Buyer,
     to Buyer, and pending such delivery, Seller or such Subsidiary shall have
     no interest in the same and shall hold such remittances, mail and other
     communications in trust for the benefit of Buyer.

                    (ii) With regard to the Medicare, Medicaid and CHAMPUS
     programs, and any Blue Cross program that requires a Cost Report or retains
     the right of offset, Buyer and Seller mutually covenant and agree as
     follows. Seller acknowledges that, from time to time, Buyer or Buyer
     Subsidiaries, after a relevant Scheduled Closing, may receive a 

                                      -25-
<PAGE>
 
     demand for payment in connection with overpayments or alleged overpayments
     from one or more of such programs, or both, which demand relates to the
     operation of a Facility prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing at which
     such Facility was included in the Subject Transferred Assets. Buyer shall
     provide notice to Seller of such demand within ten (10) days of Buyer's
     receipt of same. Seller covenants and agrees with Buyer that Seller shall,
     within thirty (30) days of its receipt of written notice from Buyer of such
     request for any such payment, which notice shall state the basis thereof in
     reasonable detail, pay in cash to Buyer an amount equal to any and all such
     overpayments claimed or (by an election made in writing, within twenty (20)
     days after receiving notice of any such demand) diligently pursue a contest
     of such claim of overpayment and indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from any
     liability resulting therefrom, but the right to contest without first
     paying shall not be available to Seller if the programs collect the alleged
     overpayment by means of a setoff against Buyer, unless Seller first
     reimburses Buyer in an amount equal to the amount so setoff, provided that
                                                                  --------     
     in all events Buyer shall provide notice to Seller of such demand within
     ten (10) days of Buyer's receipt of same.  Subject to the foregoing, if any
     such program, with or without notice, collects an alleged overpayment or
     other amount allegedly owed by Seller or a Subsidiary by offset against
     Buyer or Buyer Subsidiary, Seller shall promptly pay to Buyer an amount
     equal to such offset amount provided that Buyer shall have provided Seller
                                 --------                                      
     with any notice related to such offset within ten (10) days of Buyer's
     receipt of same, or, if no such notice was received by Buyer, Buyer shall
     have provided notice to Seller of such offset within ten (10) days of
     Buyer's obtaining notice of such offset being taken.  Nothing in this
     Section 2.9(a)(ii) shall limit Buyer's obligations under Section 7.3.
     ------------------                                       ----------- 

               (b)  Receivables.
                    ----------- 

                    (i) Buyer shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to
          collect Receivables.  Any payments received by Buyer or its successors
          and assigns after a Scheduled Closing Date, from patients, Payors,
          clients, customers or others who are the obligors on Receivables
          transferred as of such Scheduled Closing Date (collectively, "Account
                                                                        -------
          Parties"), shall be applied to the oldest remaining Receivables
          -------                                                        
          transferred as of such Scheduled Closing Date from such Account Party
          in the order in which they arose unless, in the case of an Account
          Party who is a patient, otherwise indicated by the patient's Payor.

                                      -26-
<PAGE>
 
                    (ii) On the tenth day of the first month that begins at
          least thirty (30) days after a Scheduled Closing, on the tenth day of
          each month thereafter until the Working Capital Adjustment Date with
          respect to such Scheduled Closing, and on the tenth day following such
          Working Capital Adjustment Date, Buyer shall execute appropriate
          instruments of assignment to re-assign back to Seller, and shall turn
          over to Seller all evidences of and documents pertaining to, any
          Receivable which, as of the end of the immediately preceding month
          and/or such Working Capital Adjustment Date, as the case may be, was
          uncollected and which either (A) is a Receivable in respect of a non-
          Medicare patient as to which Buyer has decided to cease collection
          activity, or (B) is a Receivable in respect of a non-Medicare patient
          which, as of such month end or such Working Capital Adjustment Date,
          has remained unpaid for a period of at least one hundred eighty (180)
          days following the date of such patient's discharge from a Facility,
          (C) is a Receivable in respect of a Medicare patient which relates to
          amounts that represent such patient's deductible or co-insurance
          obligations, and which, as of such month end or Working Capital
          Adjustment Date, has remained unpaid for a period of at least one
          hundred eighty (180) days following the date after which the patient
          is first billed, or (D) is a Receivable from Medicare in respect of a
          Medicare patient for which payment has been denied by Medicare
          provided that Buyer has filed a request for reconsideration within the
          --------                                                              
          period required.  Such Receivables which are eligible to be turned
          over to Seller are herein referred to as "Eligible Receivables."  Any
                                                    --------------------       
          Eligible Receivable that is assigned back to Seller within thirty (30)
          days following the first opportunity to do so under the
          provisions of this clause (ii) shall, for purposes of the adjustments
                             -----------                           
          contemplated by Section 2.6(c), be deemed to have not been
                          --------------                            
          collected by Buyer, and any Eligible Receivable that is not so
          assigned back to Seller within thirty (30) days following the first
          opportunity to do so under the provisions of this clause (ii) shall,
                                                            -----------       
          for purposes of the adjustments contemplated by Section 2.6(c), be
                                                          --------------    
          deemed to have been collected by Buyer.  With respect to any such
          Eligible Receivable re-assigned back to Seller, Seller and the
          Subsidiaries shall be free to institute such collection efforts,
          including, without limitation, initiating such legal proceedings, with
          respect thereto as they shall, in their sole discretion determine.

                                      -27-
<PAGE>
 
                    (iii) In the event of any adjustment in the Net Book Values
          arising under Section 2.6(c)(iii), then upon such determination, Buyer
                        -------------------                                     
          shall execute instruments of assignment, effective as of the relevant
          Working Capital Adjustment Date, respecting any unpaid Receivables
          which are not collected or deemed collected as of such date (it being
          agreed that any unpaid Receivables not so assigned shall be deemed
          collected as of or prior to such Working Capital Adjustment Date).

               (c)  Straddle Patient Receivables.  To compensate Seller and the
                    ----------------------------                               
     Subsidiaries for services rendered and medicine, drugs and supplies
     provided through a Scheduled Closing Date with respect to patients
     ("Straddle Patients") who were admitted to a Facility on or before the date
       -----------------                                                        
     of the Scheduled Closing in which such Facility was transferred and were
     discharged by the Facility after such Scheduled Closing Date, the following
     shall apply:

                    (i)  Cut-Off Billings.  Seller shall, or shall cause the
                         ----------------                                   
          Subsidiaries to, prepare cut-off billings for all Straddle Patients as
          of the close of business on the relevant Closing Date.  All payments
          (other than Excess Interim Payments) which are received by Buyer (or
          its successors in interest or assigns) after the relevant Closing Date
          with respect to Straddle Patients and which relate to such cut-off
          billings shall constitute Receivables for purposes of calculating the
          Tentative Purchase Price and the Interim Net Book Values for such
          Scheduled Closing.

                    (ii)  Cut-Off Billings Not Accepted.  If the Payor of any
                          -----------------------------                      
          Straddle Patient cannot or does not for any reason accept cut-
          off billings, then Buyer shall notify Seller of same, and Seller
          shall, or shall cause the Subsidiaries to, deliver to Buyer a
          statement calculating the total charges made by Seller and the
          Subsidiaries for services rendered and medicine, drugs and supplies
          provided through the relevant Closing Date with respect to such
          Straddle Patient.  Within ten (10) days following the discharge of
          each such Straddle Patient, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a statement
          reflecting the total charges for the services rendered and medicine,
          drugs and supplies billed to such Straddle Patient after the relevant
          Closing Date and the patient receivable (the "Straddle Patient
                                                        ----------------
          Payments") of Buyer with respect to such Straddle Patient (including
          --------                                                            
          any cost per discharge limit imposed by the Tax Equity and Fiscal
          Responsibility Act of 

                                      -28-
<PAGE>
 
          1982, as amended ("TEFRA") and all deductibles and co-insurance 
                             -----                      
          payments). For purposes of calculating the Final Net Book Values for
          any Scheduled Closing, the pro rata share of the Straddle Patient
          Payments which shall be treated as a Receivable shall be equal to the
          amount obtained by multiplying the Straddle Patient Payments by a
          fraction, the numerator of which is the total charges of Seller and
          the Subsidiaries with respect to such Straddle Patient through the
          relevant Closing Date and the denominator of which is the total
          charges of Buyer, Seller and the Subsidiaries with respect to such
          Straddle Patient. Seller or Buyer, as may be applicable, may have such
          statements as submitted by Buyer or Seller verified by their
          respective independent public accountants within thirty (30) days from
          delivery. If such statements, as submitted by Buyer or Seller, are
          acceptable, then such statements shall fix the value of the services,
          medicine, drugs and supplies provided by Seller and the Subsidiaries,
          on the one hand, and by Buyer, on the other, to each such Straddle
          Patient. If any such statement is challenged by Seller or Buyer, then
          unless otherwise resolved by agreement of the parties within thirty
          (30) days of any such challenge, such statement shall be deemed in
          dispute, which dispute shall be resolved by the parties' independent
          certified public accountants. If such accountants cannot resolve the
          matter within thirty (30) days, then it shall be submitted by them to
          a third accounting firm in accordance with the procedures contained in
          Section 2.6(b).  If Seller or Buyer does not give written notice to
          --------------                                                     
          the party preparing the statement of its challenge of such statement
          within the first said thirty (30) day period, the receiving party
          shall be deemed to have accepted the same.

               (d)  Cooperation in Collecting Receivables and Excluded Assets.
                    ---------------------------------------------------------  
     Buyer agrees to cooperate with Seller and the Subsidiaries and to provide
     access to records (both medical and financial) to assist in the collection,
     rebilling and auditing (by Seller or its representatives, including its
     independent public accountants) of the Receivables and the Excluded Assets
     (including, but not limited to, any and all Receivables from Account
     Parties or amounts due to or from any Payor).  Without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing agreements of Buyer to cooperate with Seller,
     until six (6) months after the relevant Closing Date, (i) Seller may locate
     one or more of its or its subsidiaries' employees at any or all of the
     Facilities transferred at such Closing Date, without charge, in order to
     facilitate such collection, rebilling and auditing, (ii) Buyer shall
     provide such employees, without charge, adequate and proper space to
     facilitate the 

                                      -29-
<PAGE>
 
     performance of such duties, and (iii) Buyer shall provide reasonable
     assistance of the employees of Buyer, without charge.

               (e)  Non-Assignable Receivables.  Notwithstanding anything in
                    --------------------------                              
     this Agreement that might be construed to the contrary, this Agreement
     shall not constitute an agreement to assign any Receivable (including any
     Receivable respecting a Straddle Patient) the assignment of which is either
     prohibited by Law or by the terms of any contract with a Payor.  However,
     without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Net Book Value of
     such non-assignable Receivables shall be included in the Net Book Values
     for all purposes of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Sections
                                                                        --------
     2.5 through 2.7 and this Section 2.9, as modified by the provisions of this
     ---         ---          -----------                                       
     Section 2.9(e).  That portion of the Purchase Price which, but for the
     --------------                                                        
     provisions of this Section 2.9(e), would otherwise be attributable to the
                        --------------                                        
     Net Book Value of such non-assignable Receivables shall be deemed to be a
     loan from Buyer to Seller and to the pertinent Subsidiary that will be
     repaid from the proceeds of such Receivables collected and held by Buyer
     and from the adjustments to Estimated Net Book Values contemplated by
     Sections 2.6, 2.9(b), and 2.9(c).  All procedures and requirements
     ------------  ------      ------                                  
     specified herein (including, without limitation, Buyer's obligations under
     Section 2.9(b)) for the collection of Receivables (including any
     --------------                                                  
     Receivables in respect of a Straddle Patient) shall be fully applicable to
     such non-assignable Receivables, except that (i) Buyer shall be deemed to
     collect and hold the proceeds of such non-assignable Receivables as agent
     for the Seller and the Subsidiaries and shall apply such proceeds to the
     repayment of such loan, and (ii) any provision herein that would otherwise
     require or provide for Buyer's "reassignment" of a Receivable (including an
     Eligible Receivable) that is non-assignable to Buyer in the first instance
     shall be construed to require or provide that Buyer, as agent for Seller
     and the Subsidiaries, return pertinent documentation respecting such
     Receivable to Seller and the Subsidiaries to permit collection of such
     Receivable by them (in accordance with such collection efforts and
     procedures as they, in their sole discretion, shall determine).

               (f)  Collection Fee.
                    -------------- 

                    (i)  Buyer shall be entitled to a collection fee equal to
          fifteen percent (15%) of the sum of the following amounts (the
          "Collection Fee Base"):
          --------------------   

                                      -30-
<PAGE>
 
                         (A)  Cash collected, or deemed, under the provisions of
               this Agreement, to be collected by Buyer after a relevant
               Scheduled Closing in respect of (1) Receivables included in the
               Net Book Values that are acquired by Buyer at such Scheduled
               Closing, excluding Receivables that Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary
               assigns or entrusts at or after such Scheduled Closing to an
               Affiliate of Seller for purposes of collection and (2) Excess
               Interim Payments; and

                         (B)  Cash remitted to a Facility after the relevant
               Scheduled Closing by any collection agency (excluding an
               Affiliate of Seller) with respect to accounts receivable that
               were assigned to such agency prior to such Scheduled Closing and
               that would be Receivables but for the provisions of paragraph 6
               of Schedule 2.2(j), provided that for purposes of calculating the
                  ---------------  -------------                                
               collection fee, such cash remitted shall be deemed to be net of
               any collection agency discounts, fees and charges.

          Five (5) days prior to each Scheduled Closing, Buyer and Seller shall
          in good faith agree upon an estimate of Excess Interim Payments for
          each Facility included in such Scheduled Closing.  Absent manifest
          error, such estimates shall be binding on Buyer and Seller.  Fifteen
          percent (15%) of the total of such estimates for all Facilities
          included in each Scheduled Closing (the "Credit Amount") shall be
          credited against amounts due from Seller to Buyer as provided in
          Section 2.9(f)(ii).

                    (ii)  On the tenth day of the first month that begins at
          least sixty (60) days after a Scheduled Closing, on the tenth day of
          every other month thereafter until the Working Capital Adjustment
          Date, and on the tenth day following the Working Capital Adjustment
          Date, Buyer shall submit a report to Seller as of the nearest month-
          end specifying in reasonable detail its calculation of the Collection
          Fee Base for the period covered by such report.  Within five (5)
          business days following receipt of each such report, Seller shall pay
          to Buyer, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, the
          collection fee due with respect to the Collection Fee Base covered by
          such report less the amount of any Credit Amount not previously used
          to offset amounts due under this provision.  Any Receivable for which
          a collection fee is so paid shall, to the extent

                                      -31-
<PAGE>
 
          of such Receivable on which such a fee is paid, no longer qualify as
          an Eligible Receivable.

          Section 2.10  Employee Matters.
                        ---------------- 

               (a)  Pension Plans.  Schedule 2.10(a) lists all "employee pension
                    -------------   ----------------                            
     benefit plans" ("Pension Plans") within the meaning of Section 3(2) of the
                      -------------                                            
     Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") in
                                                                   -----     
     which Retained Employees (as defined in Subsection (b) below) directly
                                             --------------                
     employed to work at the Facilities participate.  Seller shall, or shall
     cause the Subsidiaries to, (i) terminate as of the relevant Closing Date
     the active participation of all such employees in the Pension Plans who
     constitute Hired Employees, (ii) cause the Pension Plans to make timely
     appropriate distributions following the relevant Closing Date, to the
     extent required, to such employees in accordance with, and to the extent
     permitted by, the terms and conditions of such Pension Plans, and (iii) in
     connection with the termination of the active participation of all such
     employees in such Pension Plans, comply, and cause each Pension Plan to
     comply, with all applicable Laws.  Prior to the relevant Closing Date,
     Seller shall have delivered to Buyer, for information purposes only, forms
     of any letters or other written communications which Seller or the
     Subsidiaries shall distribute generally to such employees notifying them of
     their rights in respect of their cessation of active participation in the
     Pension Plans.  There are no "multiemployer plans" within the meaning of
     Section 3(37) of ERISA ("Multiemployer Plans") in which Retained Employees
                              -------------------                              
     directly employed to work at the Facilities participate.

               (b)  Retained Employees.
                    ------------------ 

                    (i)  Buyer shall have the right to offer to hire at each
          Scheduled Closing each of the direct employees of Seller or an
          Affiliate of Seller, who is not a Facility's chief executive or chief
          financial officer and who, as of such Scheduled Closing, works at the
          Facilities (including any such direct employees who are on medical
          disability or leaves of absence and who worked at the Facilities
          immediately prior to such disability or leave) included in the Subject
          Transferred Assets, provided that Buyer may not offer to hire those
                              --------                                       
          employees covered by this clause (i), if any, who are designated by
                                           ---                               
          Seller at least five (5) days prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing
          and provided further that Buyer shall extend offers of employment to a
              ----------------                                                  
          sufficient number of employees at each

                                      -32-
<PAGE>
 
          Facility so as to avoid any liability on the part of Seller and the
          Subsidiaries under the WARN Act (as defined in Section 2.10(e)) with
                                                         --------------- 
          respect to the Transactions contemplated hereby. Seller will advise
          Buyer of the number of employees terminated at each Facility during
          the ninety (90) day period preceding the relevant Scheduled Closing.

                    (ii) Buyer shall additionally have the right to offer to
          hire at each Scheduled Closing such other employees of Seller and its
          Affiliates who are mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller and who
          are either (A) indirect employees with respect to the operation of the
          Facilities included in the Subject Transferred Assets, or (B) a chief
          executive or chief financial officer of a Facility included in the
          Subject Transferred Assets, provided that in the event that Buyer
                                      --------                             
          wishes to hire a chief executive or chief financial officer and Seller
          does not agree to such hiring, Seller shall not employ such chief
          executive or chief financial officer in such capacity at a healthcare
          facility operated or managed by Seller or its subsidiaries for a
          period of at least one (1) year following such Scheduled Closing.

                    (iii)  All such direct and indirect employees to whom Buyer
          has the right to make offers of employment pursuant to clauses (i) or
                                                                         ---   
          (ii) above are herein referred to as the "Retained Employees."
          ----                                      ------------------  

                    (iv)  Any such offer of employment to a Retained Employee by
          Buyer shall be to perform comparable services, in such position and
          for such compensation as is comparable to the position such Retained
          Employee held with, and the compensation paid to such Retained
          Employee by, Seller or any of its subsidiaries as of the Scheduled
          Closing.  Seller or its Affiliates shall have the right (but not the
          obligation) to employ or offer to employ any Retained Employee
          (including, but not limited to, the chief executive officer and the
          chief financial officer of each Facility without regard to the
          provisions of Section 2.10(b)(ii)(B)) who declines Buyer's offer of
                        ----------------------                               
          employment.

               (c)  Hiring of Retained Employees.  Buyer shall hire at each
                    ----------------------------                           
     Scheduled Closing each Retained Employee who elects to accept employment
     with Buyer (the "Hired Employees") and shall continue to employ each such
                      ---------------                                         
     Hired Employee for a period of no less than ninety (90)

                                      -33-
<PAGE>
 
     days following the relevant Closing Date, unless the employment of such
     Hired Employee is terminated for cause or as a result of the Hired
     Employee's resignation. Subject to the proviso to Section 2.3(c), Buyer
                                                       -------------- 
     agrees to give the Hired Employees full credit for the Paid Time Off earned
     or accrued by them during, and to which they are entitled as a result of,
     their employment by Seller and/or its subsidiaries, by allowing such Hired
     Employees such Paid Time Off as to which such Hired Employees would have
     been entitled as of the relevant Closing Date under the policies of Seller
     and/or its subsidiaries if such Hired Employees had remained employees of
     Seller and/or its subsidiaries and, upon termination of employment, by
     making full payment to such Hired Employees of the Paid Time Off that such
     employees would have received had they taken such Paid Time Off.

               (d)  Health Benefits.  Buyer shall provide the Hired Employees a
                    ---------------                                            
     program of health care benefits which is comparable in the aggregate to the
     program of health care benefits currently provided by Seller or its
     pertinent Subsidiaries, as the case may be, provided, however, that such
                                                 --------  -------           
     health care benefits shall be immediately available to the Hired Employees
     as of the relevant Closing Date, and the Hired Employees shall become as of
     the relevant Closing Date participants thereunder, without regard to any
     applicable waiting period or any limitation with respect to preexisting
     conditions except insofar as such waiting period or limitation gives full
     credit to such Hired Employees for the period of time during which he or
     she was employed by Seller and its Affiliates and, provided further, that
                                                        ----------------
     Buyer may make modifications or changes in such health care benefits at any
     time following a Scheduled Closing. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that,
     with respect to the Hired Employees, Buyer is a successor employer for
     purposes of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as
     amended ("COBRA"), that the Hired Employees will not, as a result, be
               -----    
     deemed to have had a termination of employment for purposes of COBRA and
     that any COBRA notices or coverages required to be given or made available
     to any Hired Employee shall be given or made by Buyer and not Seller or the
     Subsidiaries, provided that Buyer does not assume, and shall not be deemed
                   --------
     to have assumed, any COBRA obligations which Seller or any Subsidiary may
     have to former employees of Seller or such Subsidiary whose employment was
     terminated on or prior to the relevant Closing Date, or to any Retained
     Employees who do not accept employment with Buyer, and provided further
                                                            --------
     that Seller shall be responsible for any COBRA coverages required to be
     made available to any

                                      -34-
<PAGE>
 
     Hired Employee who is entitled to COBRA coverage under existing plans of
     Seller or any Subsidiary as a result of the Transactions.

               (e)  Acknowledgement of Responsibility.  Buyer acknowledges and
                    ---------------------------------                         
     agrees that as of the date and time a Scheduled Closing is effective, Buyer
     shall be considered for purposes of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining
     Notification Act (the "WARN Act") the employer of the Retained Employees
                            --------                                         
     related to the Transferred Assets transferred at such Scheduled Closing and
     that Buyer (and not Seller or the Subsidiaries) shall thereupon be
     responsible for complying with the WARN Act with respect to such Retained
     Employees and that prior to such time none of such Retained Employees shall
     be, nor shall they be deemed to be, terminated.  Buyer shall indemnify and
     hold Seller and its Affiliates harmless, in accordance with Sections 11.4,
                                                                 ------------- 
     11.5 and 11.6, from and against all Losses (i) resulting from any
     ----     ----                                                    
     compliance obligation (including, without limitation, the obligation to
     give notice or pay money) that Seller and its Affiliates or Buyer has under
     the WARN Act arising from the termination of any Retained Employee or (ii)
     resulting from any claims of the Hired Employees (including, without
     limitation, claims for health care coverage or benefits); provided,
                                                               -------- 
     however, Buyer shall neither be responsible for, nor indemnify Seller and
     -------                                                                  
     its Affiliates for the consequences of any WARN event which may be caused
     by the actions of Seller or its Affiliates with respect to employees whom
     Seller and its Affiliates retain pursuant to rights set forth in Section
                                                                      -------
     2.10(b) above.
     -------       

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2.10 shall, or shall
                                                    ------------                
     be deemed to, create any rights in favor of any person not a party hereto
     or to constitute an employment agreement or condition of employment for any
     employee of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller or any Retained Employee.

          Section 2.11  Use of Names.
                        ------------ 

               (a) Although trade names of Seller and the Subsidiaries, other
     than the Transferred Business Names, are Excluded Assets, such names appear
     on certain of the fixed Transferred Assets, such as certain fixtures and
     Equipment, and on supplies, materials, stationery and similar consumable
     items which will be on hand at the Facilities at a Scheduled Closing with
     respect to such Facilities.  Notwithstanding that such names are Excluded
     Assets, Buyer shall be entitled to use such consumable items for a period
     of three (3) months following the Scheduled Closing in which such items are
     transferred and shall have up to six (6) months following

                                      -35-
<PAGE>
 
     such Scheduled Closing to remove such names from fixed Transferred Assets,
     provided that Buyer shall not send correspondence or other materials to
     --------     
     third parties on any stationery that contains a trade name (other than a
     Transferred Business Name) of Seller or any Affiliate of Seller.

               (b)  Seller hereby grants to Buyer, for the period from the
     relevant Closing Date through the expiration of the ninetieth day
     thereafter, the non-exclusive right and license to use, solely in
     connection with the operation of the Facilities transferred on such Closing
     Date, the clinical policy and procedures manuals of Seller and/or the
     Subsidiaries (the "Manuals") presently used at such Facilities.  Such
                        -------                                           
     license shall be on the following terms and conditions:

                    (i)  Buyer shall accept the Manuals in their present
          condition, "AS IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS" and without any
          representation or warranty of any kind whatsoever, either express or
          implied, by Seller, including, but not limited to, any representation
          or warranty that the Manuals are adequate for Buyer's operation of the
          relevant Facilities after the relevant Scheduled Closing or are in
          compliance with any Laws;

                    (ii)  Buyer agrees that Seller shall have no obligation
          whatsoever to update or otherwise revise the Manuals, even if
          Seller or its Affiliates are revising similar manuals at other
          healthcare facilities, and that Buyer shall have sole responsibility
          for updating and revising such manuals;

                    (iii)  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the Manuals are
          confidential and proprietary information of Seller and its Affiliates
          and Buyer agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, reproduce,
          distribute or disclose the contents of the Manuals except as may be
          required in the operation of such Facilities (including, but not
          limited to, as may be required by any Laws) and shall exercise due
          care to otherwise preserve and protect the proprietary nature thereof,
          provided that Seller and the Subsidiaries acknowledge that the Manuals
          --------                                                              
          used by Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries more likely than not contain
          information that is substantially similar to information contained in
          the Manuals;

                                      -36-
<PAGE>
 
                    (iv)  Upon the termination of Buyer's use of the Manuals
          pursuant to this Section, Buyer shall return to Seller all originals
          and copies of the Manuals; and

                    (v)  Buyer shall implement its own policy and procedure
          manuals promptly following the relevant Closing Date, and in any event
          by the date on which the license hereby granted to Buyer terminates.

               (c) Notwithstanding the assignment to Buyer of the Transferred
     Business Names, Seller and its Affiliates and their assignees shall have
     the nonexclusive right to use such Transferred Business Names, consistent
     with past practices, in connection with the operation of previously and
     currently operated healthcare facilities of Seller and its Affiliates not
     included in the Transferred Assets, and Buyer, on behalf of itself and each
     Buyer Subsidiary, hereby grants Seller and its Affiliates and their
     assignees a fully paid-up, perpetual right and license to use such
     Transferred Business Names in such manner in connection with the operation
     of such facilities, such license to be effective as of the relevant
     Scheduled Closing in which such Transferred Business Names are assigned to
     Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries.

 
          Section 2.12  No Assignment If Breach; Seller's Discharge of Assumed
                        ------------------------------------------------------
     Liabilities.
     ----------- 

               (a)  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the
     contrary, this Agreement shall not constitute an agreement to assign any
     Transferred Asset, or assume any Assumed Liability, if the attempted
     assignment or assumption of the same, as a result of the absence of the
     consent or authorization of a third party or failure of a right of first
     refusal notice period to expire, would constitute a breach or default under
     any lease, agreement, encumbrance or commitment, would violate any Law or
     would in any way adversely affect the rights, or increase the obligations,
     of Buyer, Seller or any Subsidiary with respect thereto; provided that the
                                                              --------         
     assignment of any contract, including without limitation Medicare, Medicaid
     and similar provider agreements, which may lawfully be made subject to
     customary conditions subsequent (such as needs surveys, evaluations of
     Buyer or other determinations by the counterparties to such agreements)
     shall be deemed not to constitute a default under, or to in any way
     adversely affect the rights or increase the obligations of Buyer with
     respect

                                      -37-
<PAGE>
 
     to, such lease, agreement, encumbrance or commitment, whether or
     not such condition or conditions subsequent are met on or prior to the
     relevant Scheduled Closing.  Except as provided in Section 2.12(c), if any
                                                        ---------------        
     such consent or authorization is not obtained, or if an attempted
     assignment or assumption would be ineffective or would adversely affect the
     rights or increase the obligations of Seller, a Subsidiary or Buyer, with
     respect to any such lease, agreement, encumbrance or commitment, so that
     Buyer would not, in fact, receive all such rights, or assume the
     obligations, of Seller or Subsidiary with respect thereto as they exist
     prior to such attempted assignment or assumption, then Seller and Buyer
     shall, and Seller shall cause each Subsidiary to, enter into such
     reasonable cooperative arrangements as may be reasonably acceptable to both
     Buyer and Seller (including without limitation, sublease, agency,
     management, indemnity or payment arrangements and enforcement at the cost
     and for the benefit of Buyer of any and all rights of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries against an involved third party) to provide for or impose upon
     Buyer the benefits of such Transferred Asset or the obligations of such
     Assumed Liability, as the case may be, and any transfer or assignment to
     Buyer by Seller or a Subsidiary of any such Transferred Asset, or any
     assumption by Buyer of any such Assumed Liability, which shall require such
     consent or authorization of a third party that is not obtained shall be
     made subject to such consent or authorization being obtained.  Except as
     provided in Section 2.12(c), if the parties cannot agree on any such
                 ---------------                                         
     arrangement, or any such arrangement would not be reasonably practicable,
     to provide Buyer with materially all the benefits of such Transferred Asset
     or materially all the obligations of such Assumed Liability, then such
     Transferred Asset or Assumed Liability, as the case may be, shall be
     excluded from the Transactions and shall be deemed to be an Excluded Asset
     or an Excluded Liability, as the case may be, and Buyer and Seller shall
     negotiate in good faith an equitable adjustment in the Purchase Price, or
     resolve any disagreement respecting such adjustment, in accordance with the
     procedures of Section 2.14.
                   ------------ 

               (b)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement,
     during the period between the date hereof and the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, Seller may, for the purpose of facilitating consummation of the
     Transactions and with the consent of Buyer (which will not be unreasonably
     withheld), cause any Subsidiary to acquire a fixed asset, or any direct or
     indirect interest therein, that results in the simultaneous discharge of
     all or any part of a liability that exists as of the date hereof which, but
     for such acquisition, would be an Assumed Liability; provided that in each
                                                          --------             
     such case it gives prompt notice of such acquisition to Buyer.  In the
     event of any

                                      -38-
<PAGE>
 
     such acquisition, Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good faith an
     equitable adjustment to the Purchase Price, or resolve any disagreement
     respecting such adjustment, in accordance with the procedures of Section
                                                                      ------- 
     2.14.
     ----

               (c)  The provisions of Section 2.12(a) notwithstanding, neither
                                      ---------------                         
     Buyer nor Seller shall be obligated to close with respect to a given
     Facility if any private third party consent or authorization in respect of
     Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related to such Facility that is
     enumerated in Schedule 2.12(c) (the "Schedule of Required Consents") is not
                   ----------------       -----------------------------         
     obtained, unless both Buyer and Seller waive in writing their respective
     conditions precedent that such consent or authorization be obtained prior
     to the transfer of such Facility.  With respect to all other private third
     party consents or authorizations with respect to such Facility that have
     not been obtained by the relevant Scheduled Closing, if the parties have
     not entered into a cooperative arrangement in respect of the Transferred
     Asset or Assumed Liability to which such consent or authorization relates,
     then, subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 regarding Buyer's right to
                                        ------------                           
     reject certain contracts within sixty (60) days following the Scheduled
     Closing at which such contracts are assigned or purported to be assigned,
     (i) Buyer hereby agrees to accept the assignment of any such pertinent
     Transferred Asset, and to assume any such pertinent Assumed Liability, as
     the case may be, whether or not such assignment or assumption is made
     subject to such consent or authorization being obtained after the relevant
     Scheduled Closing, and (ii) the parties agree to continue to cooperate with
     one another, pursuant to the provisions of Sections 5.2 and 5.3, to obtain
                                                ------------     ---   
     any such requisite consent

          Section 2.13  Closings.  All of Seller's and the Subsidiaries' right,
                        --------                                               
     title and interest in a Facility and all other Transferred Assets and
     Assumed Liabilities which relate to, or constitute a part of, a Facility
     shall be transferred to Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries at a
                                                                            
     "Scheduled Closing" (as defined below).  Subject to the terms and
     ------------------                                               
     conditions hereof, the Transferred Assets shall be transferred to Buyer at
     one of three Scheduled Closings:  The "First Closing" (as defined below),
                                            -------------                     
     the "Second Closing" (as defined below) or the "Final Closing" (as defined
          --------------                             -------------             
     below).  The First Closing, Second Closing and Final Closing, collectively,
     are the "Scheduled Closings" and each is a "Scheduled Closing."  A date on
     which a Scheduled Closing actually occurs is a "Closing Date," and the
                                                     ------------          
     Closing Date of the Final Closing is the "Final Closing Date."  A Scheduled
                                               ------------------               
     Closing shall be effective for all purposes as to each Facility which is
     the subject of such Scheduled Closing (and the Transferred Assets and
     Assumed Liabilities related thereto or constituting a part thereof)
     (collectively, the 

                                      -39-
<PAGE>
 
     "Subject Transferred Assets") at 11:59 p.m. on the relevant Closing Date,
      --------------------------                       
     as determined by reference to the local time zone in which the Facility is
     located. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either the First or Second Closing
     may also be a Final Closing and if the First Closing is the Final Closing,
     there shall be no Second Closing. Scheduled Closings shall occur in
     accordance with the following provisions:

               (a)  The First Closing.  Provided that no Scheduled Closing shall
                    -----------------                                           
     occur (i) before there is a "First Closing" under the First Facilities
     Agreement with respect to First Facilities, or (ii) after the Termination
     Date set forth in Section 10.1(b), the "First Closing" with respect to
                       ---------------       -------------                 
     Subsequent Facilities shall occur at a mutually agreeable time and place or
     places within five (5) business days (unless another date is mutually
     agreed upon by Buyer and Seller) after the first date on which all of the
     conditions set forth in Article 8 and Article 9 hereof are capable of being
                             ---------     ---------                            
     satisfied or are waived as to the Transferred Assets and Assumed
     Liabilities in respect of Subsequent Facilities that account in the
     aggregate for at least Eight Million Dollars ($8,000,000) of the EBITDA (as
     defined in Section 3.17(a)) assigned to Facilities for this purpose as
                ---------------                                            
     shown on Schedule 2.13B hereto, and all Facilities, Transferred Assets and
              --------------                                                   
     Assumed Liabilities sold, assigned, conveyed, transferred, delivered and
     assumed at the First Closing shall be the Subject Transferred Assets with
     respect to the First Closing. Upon consummation at the First Closing of
     Transactions in compliance with the foregoing provisions, any remaining
     Transactions in respect of Facilities that were not consummated at such
     Closing may be consummated at a subsequent Closing subject to the
     provisions of Article 8 and Article 9 and to the provisions of this Section
                   ---------     ---------                               -------
     2.13 with respect to such Closings.
     ----

               (b)  The Second Closing.  Provided that the First Closing has
                    ------------------                                      
     occurred and that no Scheduled Closing shall occur after the Termination
     Date, the "Second Closing" shall occur at a mutually agreeable time and
                --------------                                              
     place or places, on the date which is within five (5) business days (unless
     another date is mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller) after the first
     date on which all of the conditions set forth in Article 8 and Article 9
                                                      ---------     ---------
     hereof are capable of being satisfied or are waived as to any additional
     Subsequent Facilities and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities
     related thereto or constituting a part thereof that are not the subject of
     the First Closing, and the Subsequent Facilities and the Transferred Assets
     and Assumed Liabilities related thereto that are included in the
     Transactions occurring at the Second Closing shall, for purposes of this
     Agreement, be the Subject Transferred Assets with respect to the Second
     Closing, provided 
              --------                                                     

                                      -40-
<PAGE>
 
     that the Second Closing shall be held, in any event, within thirty (30)
     days of the First Closing with respect to any Subsequent Facilities for
     which the conditions to Closing, including those set forth in this Section
                                                                        ------- 
     2.13, have been met or waived as of such date.
     ----                                          

               (c)  The Final Closing.  Provided that a First Closing has
                    -----------------                                    
     occurred, the "Final Closing" shall occur with respect to Subsequent
                    -------------                                        
     Facilities that are not the subject of the First or Second Closings at a
     mutually agreeable place or places and at a mutually agreeable time as
     follows:

                    (i) If all of the conditions set forth in Articles 8 and 9
                                                              ----------     -
          hereof and in this Section 2.13 are capable of being satisfied or are
                             ------------                                      
          waived on or prior to the Termination Date as to all Subsequent
          Facilities that are not included in the First Closing or the Second
          Closing, then the Final Closing shall occur within five (5) business
          days (unless another date is mutually agreed upon by Buyer and Seller)
          after the first date upon which such conditions may be satisfied or
          are waived, but in no event later than the Termination Date.

                    (ii) If all of the conditions set forth in Articles 8 and 9
                                                               ----------     -
          hereof and in this Section 2.13 are capable of being satisfied or are
                             ------------                                      
          waived on or prior to the Termination Date as to some, but not all, of
          the Facilities that are not included in the First Closing or the
          Second Closing, then the Final Closing shall occur within five (5)
          business days after the identity of the Facilities as to which such
          conditions will not be satisfied has become reasonably manifest or has
          been mutually agreed upon by the parties, but in no event shall such
          Final Closing occur later than the Termination Date.

               (d)  Deliveries by Seller.  At each Scheduled Closing Seller
                    --------------------                                   
     shall deliver, or cause the Subsidiaries to deliver, to Buyer:

                    (i)  A Bill or Bills of Sale and Assignment in substantially
          the form of Exhibit A executed by each Subsidiary with respect to the
                      ---------                                                
          Subject Transferred Assets of the Subsidiary covered thereby;

                    (ii)  Grant deeds (or equivalent special or limited warranty
          deeds for Owned Real Properties outside California), properly executed
          and acknowledged by each Subsidiary with respect

                                      -41-
<PAGE>
 
          to the Owned Real Properties of the Subsidiary included in the Subject
          Transferred Assets;

                    (iii)  Separate assignments and assumptions in substantially
          the form of Exhibit B executed by each Subsidiary with respect to each
                      ---------                                                 
          Real Property Lease of the Subsidiary included in the Subject
          Transferred Assets that is designated by either Buyer or Seller;

                    (iv)  Instruments of transfer, sufficient to transfer
          personal property interests of each Subsidiary that are included in
          the Subject Transferred Assets but not otherwise transferred by the
          Bills of Sale and Assignment referred to in clause (i) above, executed
                                                      ----------                
          by each Subsidiary in the form customarily used in commercial
          transactions in the areas in which such other personal property of
          such Subsidiary is located;

                    (v)   Such other instruments of transfer, executed by each
          of the pertinent Subsidiaries necessary to transfer to and vest in
          Buyer all of Seller's and the Subsidiaries' rights, title and
          interest in and to the Subject Transferred Assets or which may be
          required by the Title Insurer (as defined in Section 8.7), including
                                                       -----------            
          owner's and lessee's affidavits, if any; and

                    (vi)  Possession of the Subject Transferred Assets.

     All such documents of transfer shall be in a form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to Buyer.

               (e)  Deliveries by Buyer.  At each Scheduled Closing, Buyer shall
                    -------------------                                         
     deliver to Seller:

                    (i)  Immediately available funds, by way of wire transfer to
          an account or accounts designated by Seller, in an amount equal to the
          amounts then due pursuant to Sections 2.5 and 2.6(a), as adjusted by
                                       ------------     ------                
          the expenses due at such Scheduled Closing pursuant to Section 5.5;
                                                                 ----------- 

                    (ii) Separate assignments and assumptions in substantially
          the form of Exhibit C executed by Buyer and the applicable Buyer
                      ---------                                           
          Subsidiaries with respect to each Real Property Lease included 

                                      -42-
<PAGE>
 
          in the Subject Transferred Assets that is designated by either Buyer
          or Seller; and

                    (iii)  An Assumption Agreement or Assumption Agreements with
          respect to the Assumed Liabilities assumed at such Scheduled Closing,
          in substantially the form of Exhibit C, executed by Buyer and the
                                       ---------                           
          applicable Buyer Subsidiaries in favor of Seller and each of the
          applicable Subsidiaries.

     All such documents of transfer shall be in a form and substance reasonably
     satisfactory to Seller.

               (f)  Escrow.  If either of the parties desires to consummate a
                    ------                                                   
     Scheduled Closing through an escrow, an escrow shall be opened with, and
     the escrow agent shall be, Chicago Title Company (the "Escrow Agent"), by
                                                            ------------      
     depositing a fully executed copy of this Agreement with Escrow Agent to
     serve as escrow instructions.  This Agreement shall be considered the
     primary escrow instructions between the parties, but the parties shall
     execute such additional escrow instructions as Escrow Agent shall require
     and the parties may agree upon in order to clarify the duties and
     responsibilities of Escrow Agent. In the event of any conflict between this
     Agreement and such additional escrow instructions, this Agreement shall
     prevail. If a Scheduled Closing is to be consummated through the Escrow
     Agent, then on or prior to the Closing Date, Buyer shall cause the funds
     required by Subsection (e)(i) above to be wired to Escrow Agent, and the 
                 ---------- ------                                       
     parties shall deliver the instruments of sale, assignment, conveyance and 
     assumption called for by Subsections (d) and (e) above to be delivered to 
                              ---------------     ---                      
     the Escrow Agent, and on the Closing Date, the Escrow Agent shall close
     the escrow with respect to such Scheduled Closing by:

                    (i)  Causing the deeds for the Owned Real Properties, the
          assignments of the Real Property Leases, and any other documents which
          the parties may mutually designate to be recorded in the official
          records of the appropriate counties in which the pertinent Subject
          Transferred Assets are located;

                    (ii)  Delivering to Seller by wire transfer of immediately
          available funds, to an account or accounts designated by Seller, the
          amounts called for by Subsection (e)(i) above; and
                                -----------------           

                                      -43-
<PAGE>
 
                    (iii)  Delivering to Buyer or Seller, as the case may be,
          the other instruments referred to in Subsections (d) and (e) above.
                                               ---------------     ---       

          Section 2.14  Purchase Price Adjustment.  If circumstances exist that
                        -------------------------                              
     require the parties to negotiate in good faith equitable adjustments in the
     Purchase Price pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.12 (respecting
                                                  ------------            
     absence of consents), Sections 8.5 and 9.5 (dealing with certain
                           ------------     ---                      
     prohibitions and restraints), Section 6.2(c) (respecting Seller's
                                   --------------                     
     obligations with respect to environmental conditions), Section 8.7
                                                            -----------
     (respecting the condition of title to interests in real property) or
                                                                         
     Section 8.10 (respecting casualty losses or condemnation) (Sections 2.12,
     ------------                                               ------------- 
     6.2(c), 8.5, 8.7, 8.10, 9.5 and this Section 2.14 being collectively
     ------  ---  ---  ----  ---          -------------                  
     referred to as the "Adjustment Sections"), then and in any of such events,
                         -------------------                                   
     such negotiations, and the resolution of disagreements arising therefrom,
     shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.14.
                                                                  ------------  
     The parties shall negotiate such equitable adjustments in the Purchase
     Price in good faith prior to any relevant Closing Date (as may be extended
     by mutual agreement of the parties), provided, that any adjustment in the
                                          --------                            
     Purchase Price shall be consistent with the Allocation Schedule.  If the
     parties are unable to agree by the day prior to such relevant Closing Date,
     then such relevant Closing Date (the "Original Closing Date") (and the
                                           ---------------------  
     Termination Date, if necessary) shall be extended for up to fifteen (15)
     business days to provide for the opportunity to resolve such disagreement
     pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.14. On the day a Scheduled
                                        ------------ 
     Closing would have occurred but for the absence of agreement between the
     parties, each party shall designate an individual (who may not be a present
     or former officer, director, partner or employee of the party or of any
     present or former investment banker, accounting firm, law firm or attorney
     of or for the party) to mediate such disagreement, and advise the other
     party in writing of the identity of such individual, which advice shall be
     accompanied by a list of up to ten (10) suggested neutral individuals to
     serve as a third mediator. The mediators originally designated by each
     party shall promptly confer about the selection of a third mediator from
     such lists, and within five (5) business days following the Original
     Closing Date (or Termination Date, as the case may be), the originally
     designated mediators shall agree upon and (subject to availability) select
     the third mediator from the lists submitted by the parties or otherwise,
     provided that if the originally designated mediators cannot agree upon a
     --------                                            
     third mediator by such date, the third mediator shall be a retired judge
     designated by Judicial and Arbitration Mediation Services, Inc., located in
     Los Angeles, California. The three mediators so selected are herein
     referred to as the "Panel". Within two (2) business days
                         -----                           

                                      -44-
<PAGE>
 
     following the designation of the third mediator, each party shall submit
     to the Panel in writing, its proposed equitable adjustments in the
     Purchase Price.  Such proposals shall be materially in accordance with the
     last proposals made by such party to the other party during the course of
     the aforementioned good faith negotiations between the parties.  The
     parties shall additionally submit such memoranda, arguments, briefs and
     evidence in support of their respective positions, and in accordance with
     such procedures, as a majority of the Panel may determine.  Within seven
     (7) business days following the designation of the third mediator, as to
     each adjustment of the Purchase Price about which there is disagreement,
     the Panel shall, by majority vote, select the proposed adjustment of the
     Purchase Price proposed by one of the parties, it being agreed that the
     Panel shall have no authority to alter any such proposal in any way.
     Thereafter, the parties shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this
     Agreement, consummate the Transactions on the basis of such adjustments at
     a mutually agreeable time and place or places, in accordance with and
     subject to the provisions of Section 2.13, which shall be no later than the
                                  ------------                                  
     fifteenth (15th) business day following the Original Closing Date or such
     later date as the parties may agree upon.  Subject to the foregoing, the
     Panel may determine the issues in dispute following such procedures,
     consistent with the language of this Agreement, as it deems appropriate to
     the circumstances and with reference to the amounts in issue, but in any
     event consistent with the Allocation Schedule to the extent applicable.  No
     particular procedures are intended to be imposed upon the Panel, it being
     the desire of the parties that any such disagreement shall be resolved as
     expeditiously and inexpensively as reasonably practicable.  No member of
     the Panel shall have any liability to the parties in connection with
     service on the Panel, and the parties shall provide such indemnities to the
     members of the Panel as they shall request.

          Section 2.15  Transfer of Assets in Corporate Form.  If Buyer consents
                        ------------------------------------                    
     in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, Seller may, prior to any
     Scheduled Closing, cause any Transferred Asset or Assumed Liability to be
     assigned and transferred by way of an assignment to Buyer of the stock of a
     subsidiary of Seller (including the stock of any Subsidiary), in which case
     all right, title and interest of Seller and any of its Affiliates in such
     subsidiary (which shall constitute all of the outstanding capital stock and
     rights to acquire capital stock in such subsidiary) shall be transferred to
     Buyer at the Scheduled Closing as a Subject Transferred Asset.  Any such
     agreement of the parties shall become an amendment to this Agreement.

                                      -45-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 2.16  Assignment of Rights and Obligations to Buyer
                        ---------------------------------------------
     Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding any contrary provisions contained herein,
     ------------                                                            
     the parties hereto agree that, prior to a Scheduled Closing, Buyer, in its
     sole discretion, may assign any or all of its rights and obligations with
     respect to the Subject Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities to be
     transferred at such Scheduled Closing to one or more Buyer Subsidiaries,
     provided that no such assignment shall relieve Buyer of any obligation or
     --------                                                                 
     liability to Seller hereunder, and provided further that the following
                                        --------                           
     shall apply:

               (a)  Buyer will provide Seller with prompt written notice of any
     such assignment.

               (b)  No such assignment shall be effected if the making of the
     assignment will result in Seller's inability to obtain any consent or
     authorization reasonably required to consummate the Transactions or to
     avoid economic detriment to the Seller arising from the consummation of the
     Transactions.

               (c)  Each such Buyer Subsidiary that is an assignee of Buyer
     shall irrevocably appoint Buyer as its sole and exclusive representative
     and agent authorized to act for and to receive notices and payments on
     behalf of the Buyer Subsidiaries in all matters arising from or related to
     this Agreement and the Transactions.

               (d)  As a condition to Seller's agreement to such assignments,
     Buyer hereby agrees that Buyer will at all times be the ultimate parent
     entity of the consolidated group of companies of which Buyer is a group
     member or that, in the event of any reorganization involving Buyer and its
     subsidiaries, the ultimate parent entity of the consolidated group of
     companies emerging from such reorganization that includes Buyer and its
     successors and assigns shall, prior to any such reorganization, execute
     such documents as are reasonably necessary to confirm the assumption by
     such ultimate parent entity of Buyer's obligations to Seller hereunder.

               (e)  Buyer shall remain jointly and severally liable to Seller
     and the Subsidiaries and to third parties with respect to any Assumed
     Liabilities transferred to a Buyer Subsidiary, and, without limiting the
     generality of the foregoing, hereby absolutely and unconditionally
     guarantees the full, prompt and faithful performance by each Buyer
     Subsidiary of all covenants and obligations to be performed by such Buyer

                                      -46-
<PAGE>
 
     Subsidiary under this Agreement and any Related Agreement (as defined in
     Section 3.4) which are assigned to such Buyer Subsidiary, including but not
     -----------                                                                
     limited to, the payment of all sums stipulated to be paid by such Buyer
     Subsidiary pursuant to such assignment, it being understood that each such
     covenant and obligation constitutes the direct and primary obligation of
     Buyer and that a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted
     against Buyer whether action is brought against the pertinent Buyer
     Subsidiary or whether such Buyer Subsidiary is joined in any such action or
     actions (Buyer hereby waiving any right to require Seller or a Subsidiary
     to proceed against a Buyer Subsidiary).  Buyer hereby authorizes Seller,
     without notice and without affecting Buyer's liability hereunder, from time
     to time to (x) renew, compromise, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change
     the terms of any obligation of a Buyer Subsidiary hereunder with the
     agreement of such Buyer Subsidiary, (y) take and hold security for the
     obligations guaranteed, and exchange, enforce, waive and release any such
     security, and (z) apply such security and direct the order or manner of
     sale thereof as Seller in its discretion may determine.  Buyer hereby
     further waives:

                    (i)   Any defense that may arise by reason of the incapacity
          or lack of authority of any Buyer Subsidiary;

                    (ii)  Any defense based upon a statute or rule of law which
          provides that the obligations of a surety must be neither larger in
          amount nor in other respects more burdensome than those of the
          principal; and

                    (iii) Any duty on the part of Seller or a Subsidiary to
          disclose to Buyer any facts that Seller or a Subsidiary may now or
          hereafter know about a Buyer Subsidiary.

          Section 2.17  Data Processing Services.  In order to facilitate the
                        ------------------------                             
     transition of the Facilities from Seller's to Buyer's ownership, the
     parties acknowledge that in the event Buyer acquires Subsequent Facilities
     hereunder from Seller, then Seller shall provide certain telephone
     assistance in connection with management information services and Facility
     accounting and shall also provide certain data processing services support
     for the collection of Receivables all in accordance with the terms of and
     for the period stated in the First Facilities Agreement.

                                      -47-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 2.18  Rejection of Certain Contracts.  The provisions of this
                        ------------------------------                         
     Section 2.18 shall apply to the following categories of Assumed Contracts:
     ------------                                                               
     (i) those subject to the provisions of Section 2.1(f)(iii); (ii) those
                                            -------------------            
     subject to the provisions of the second sentence of Section 2.12(c); and
                                                         ---------------     
     (iii) those subject to Section 6.1(f) that are entered into by Seller or a
                            --------------                                     
     Subsidiary after the date hereof in violation of Section 6.1(f).  With
                                                      --------------       
     respect to each such contract (a "Contingent Contract"):
                                       -------------------   

               (a) Buyer or the pertinent Buyer Subsidiary shall have the right
     to reject such Contingent Contract by giving a written notice of such
     rejection to Seller within sixty (60) days following the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, such written notice to be accompanied by originals of the contract
     then in Buyer's or the Buyer Subsidiary's possession, copies of any written
     communications between Buyer or the Buyer Subsidiary and the counterparty
     to such contract relating to the subject matter thereof, and instruments
     evidencing the reassignment of such contract to Seller or the pertinent
     Subsidiary in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer and Seller, in which
     case such contract shall be treated as an Excluded Asset, and the
     liabilities related thereto shall be treated as an Excluded Liability, for
     all purposes of this Agreement, subject to the further provisions of this
     Section 2.18.
     ------------ 

               (b) In the event that Seller or the pertinent Subsidiary incurs
     any costs in connection with the termination of any such Contingent
     Contract so rejected by Buyer (including payments during any applicable
     notice period required to terminate such contract) and Buyer or the
     pertinent Buyer Subsidiary continues to do business with the counterparty
     to such contract related to the subject matter thereof during any period
     for which Seller or the applicable Subsidiary is obligated to make payments
     to such counterparty, then Buyer will reimburse Seller for one-half of the
     payments that Seller or the applicable Subsidiary is obligated to make to
     such counterparty in connection with such termination, but not in excess of
     one-half of the payments that Seller or the applicable Subsidiary is
     obligated to make to such counterparty under such contract for a period of
     ninety (90) days.

               (c) With respect to any Contingent Contract subject to clause
     (ii) of this Section 2.18 that is not also subject to either clause (i) or
     ----         ------------                                           ---   
     clause (iii) of this Section 2.18 and that is not rejected by Buyer
            -----         ------------                                  
     pursuant to Subsection (a) above, Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold
                 --------------                                          
     harmless Seller and the Subsidiaries, in accordance with the provisions of
     Sections 
     --------

                                      -48-
<PAGE>
 
     11.3 through 11.6, from and against any and all Losses arising from or
     ----         ---- 
     related to the lack of any consent or authorization in connection with the
     assignment of such Contingent Contract to Buyer (or the pertinent Buyer
     Subsidiary) hereunder.

               (d) In the event Buyer rejects a Contingent Contract pursuant to
     Subsection (a), then, notwithstanding any other provision of this
     --------------                                                   
     Agreement, Seller shall have no liability to Buyer and the Buyer
     Subsidiaries for Losses under the provisions of Sections 11.3 through 11.6
                                                     -------------         ----
     related to such Contingent Contract for the period prior to such rejection
     or for the amounts due Seller under Subsection (b) above.
                                         --------------       

               (e) With respect to any Contingent Contract subject to clause
     (iii) of this Section 2.18 that appears on an updated Schedule 2.1(f)
     -----         ------------                            ---------------
     delivered pursuant to Section 6.3 and that is not rejected by Buyer
                           -----------             ---                  
     pursuant to Subsection (a) above, then, notwithstanding any other provision
                 --------------                                                 
     of this Agreement, Seller shall have no liability to Buyer and the Buyer
     Subsidiaries for Losses under the provisions of Sections 11.3 through 11.6
                                                     -------------         ----
     for violation of Section 6.1(f) with respect to such Contingent Contract.
                      --------------                     

          Section 2.19  Remaining Schedules.  Notwithstanding anything to the
                        -------------------                                  
     contrary herein, this Agreement shall be deemed cancelled and of no further
     force and effect if the parties shall have failed to agree upon the
     Schedules enumerated in Exhibit E, if any, within five (5) business days
                             ---------                                       
     following the date hereof, the parties hereby agreeing to cooperate with
     one another in good faith and to work expeditiously to agree upon such
     Schedules within such period.  Such agreement shall be evidenced by a duly
     executed amendment of this Agreement that deletes this Section 2.19.
                                                            ------------ 


                                   ARTICLE 3
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

          Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, as of the date hereof,
     as follows, except as set forth in Schedules numbered in relation to the
     Sections set forth below:

          Section 3.1  Organization and Corporate Power.  Seller is a 
                       --------------------------------              
     corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of, and
     is authorized to exercise its corporate powers, rights and privileges and
     is in good standing in, the State of Nevada and has full corporate power to

                                      -49-
<PAGE>
 
     carry on its business as presently conducted and to own or lease and
     operate its properties and assets now owned or leased and operated by it
     and to perform the transactions on its part contemplated by this Agreement
     and all other agreements contemplated hereby.

          Section 3.2  Subsidiaries.
                       ------------ 

               (a)  Each Subsidiary is a corporation duly organized, validly
     existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation
     (which, in the case of Subsidiaries existing on the date of this Agreement,
     is indicated on Schedule A-1).  Each Subsidiary has all requisite power and
                     ------------                                               
     authority (corporate and otherwise) to carry on its business as presently
     conducted and to own or lease and operate its properties and assets now
     owned or leased and operated by it and to perform the transactions on its
     part contemplated by this Agreement and all other agreements contemplated
     hereby.

               (b)  All of the outstanding capital stock of each Subsidiary has
     been duly authorized and is validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
     and, except as indicated on Schedule A-1, is owned beneficially and of
                                 ------------                              
     record by Seller or another subsidiary of Seller as indicated on Schedule
                                                                      --------
     A-1.  Except as provided in Schedule A-1, there are no (i) rights,
     ---                         ------------                          
     subscriptions, warrants, options, conversion rights or agreements of any
     kind outstanding to purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
     stock of any Subsidiary, or (ii) securities or obligations of any kind
     convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of any
     Subsidiary, or (iii) obligations of any kind obligating Seller to sell or
     dispose of all or any part of Seller's ownership interest therein.  The
     Subsidiaries listed on Schedule A-1 are, on the date hereof, the only
                            ------------                                  
     subsidiaries of Seller that have any right or interest in, or title to the
     Facilities.

               (c)  The board of directors of each Subsidiary and, if required,
     its shareholders, have duly and effectively authorized (i) the sale of the
     Transferred Assets to be sold by such Subsidiary and (ii) the execution,
     delivery and performance of the Related Agreements (as defined in Section
                                                                       -------
     3.4) and all other agreements contemplated hereby and thereby to which such
     ----                                                                       
     Subsidiary is a party.  No other corporate act or proceeding on the part of
     any Subsidiary, its board of directors or its  shareholders is necessary to
     authorize any Related Agreement or other agreement contemplated hereby and
     thereby or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

                                      -50-
<PAGE>
 
               (d)  The Related Agreements and all other agreements contemplated
     hereby and thereby to which any Subsidiary is a party will, as of each
     Scheduled Closing, have been duly executed and delivered by each such
     Subsidiary, and each such agreement, when executed and delivered, will
     constitute a valid and binding obligation of such Subsidiary, enforceable
     against such Subsidiary in accordance with its terms, except as it may be
     limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
     similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights
     generally and that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and
     other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to
     the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be brought.

          Section 3.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement.  The execution,
                       ------------------------------------                 
     delivery and performance of this Agreement and all other agreements
     contemplated hereby and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
     hereby and thereby have been duly and effectively authorized by the board
     of directors of Seller; no other corporate act or proceeding on the part of
     Seller, its board of directors or its shareholders is necessary to
     authorize this Agreement, any such other agreement or the transactions
     contemplated hereby and thereby.  This Agreement has been, and each of the
     other agreements contemplated hereby will, as of each Scheduled Closing,
     have been, duly executed and delivered by Seller, and this Agreement
     constitutes, and each such other agreement when executed and delivered will
     constitute, a valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against
     Seller in accordance with its terms, except as it may be limited by
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar Laws
     now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors' rights generally and that
     the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of
     equitable relief may be subject to equitable defenses and to the discretion
     of the court before which any proceeding may be brought.

          Section 3.4  Absence of Breach.  Subject to the provisions of Sections
                       -----------------                                --------
     3.5 and 3.6 below regarding private party and governmental consents, and
     ---     ---                                                             
     except for compliance with the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino
     Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"), and any
                                                          -------           
     regulatory or licensing Laws applicable to the businesses and assets
     represented by the Transferred Assets, the execution, delivery and
     performance by Seller of this Agreement and all other agreements
     contemplated hereby or executed in connection herewith (not including the
     First Facilities Agreement, the "Related Agreements"), and the execution
                                      ------------------                     
     and delivery by any Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which it is a

                                      -51-
<PAGE>
 
     party, and the performance by the Subsidiaries of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements entered into by
     the Subsidiaries, do not, (a) conflict with or result in a breach of any of
     the provisions of the Articles or Certificates of Incorporation or Bylaws
     or similar charter documents (the "Charter Documents") of Seller or of any
                                        -----------------                      
     of the Subsidiaries, (b) contravene any Law or cause the suspension or
     revocation of any License presently in effect, which affects or binds
     Seller or any of the Subsidiaries, or any of their properties, except where
     such contravention, suspension or revocation will not have a Material
     Adverse Effect (as defined below) on the Transferred Assets and will not
     affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement and the Related
     Agreements or the validity of the Transactions contemplated hereby and
     thereby, or (c) conflict with or result in a breach of or default (with or
     without notice or lapse of time or both) under any indenture or loan or
     credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which Seller or
     any of the Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or they or any of their
     properties may be affected or bound, the effect of which conflict, breach,
     or default, either individually or in the aggregate, would be a Material
     Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets.  As used herein, a "Material
                                                                   --------
     Adverse Effect": (x) when used with respect to the Transferred Assets,
     --------------                                                        
     means a material adverse effect on the Transferred Assets and on the
     businesses operated therefrom, including their condition (financial or
     otherwise) and results of operations, taken as a whole; (y) when used with
     respect to any portion of the Transferred Assets (including, without
     limitation, a Facility), means a material adverse effect on such portion of
     the Transferred Assets and on the businesses operated therefrom, including
     their condition (financial or otherwise) and results of operations, taken
     as a whole; and (z) when used with respect to an entity, such as Seller, a
     Subsidiary or Buyer, means a material adverse effect on the business,
     condition (financial or otherwise) and results of operations of such entity
     taken as a whole (including any subsidiaries of such entity).

          Section 3.5  Private Party Consents.  Except as set forth in Schedule
                       ----------------------                          --------
     3.5, the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement
     ---                                                                     
     and the Related Agreements, and the execution and delivery by any
     Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the
     performance by the Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated by this
     Agreement and the Related Agreements to be performed by the Subsidiaries,
     do not require the authorization, consent or approval of any non-
     governmental third party of such a nature that the failure to obtain the
     same

                                      -52-
<PAGE>
 
     would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets or a
     Facility.

          Section 3.6  Governmental Consents.  The execution, delivery and
                       ---------------------                              
     performance by Seller of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the
     execution and delivery by any Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which
     it is a party, and the performance by the Subsidiaries of the transactions
     contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements to be performed
     by the Subsidiaries, do not require the authorization, consent, approval,
     certification, license or order of, or any filing with, any court or
     governmental agency of such a nature that the failure to obtain the same
     would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets or a
     Facility, except for compliance with the HSR Act and except for such
     governmental authorizations, consents, approvals, certifications, licenses
     and orders that customarily accompany the transfer of health care
     facilities such as the Facilities.

          Section 3.7  Brokers.  Except as shown on Schedule 3.7, no broker,
                       -------                      ------------            
     finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
     other fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the
     Transactions contemplated hereby based upon any agreements or arrangements
     or commitments, written or oral, made by or on behalf of Seller or any of
     its Affiliates.  Seller shall be solely responsible for the payment of any
     such fee or commission to any person or entity listed on Schedule 3.7 as an
                                                              ------------      
     exception to the foregoing.

          Section 3.8  Title to Property.
                       ----------------- 

               (a)  Each Subsidiary has good and defensible title, or valid and
     effective leasehold rights in the case of leased property, to all tangible
     personal property included in the Transferred Assets to be sold, conveyed,
     assigned, transferred and delivered to Buyer by such Subsidiary, free and
     clear of all liens, charges, claims, pledges, security interests, equities
     and encumbrances of any nature whatsoever, except for those created or
     allowed to be suffered by Buyer and except for the following (individually
     and collectively, the "Permitted Encumbrances"):  (i) the lien of current
                            ----------------------                            
     taxes not delinquent, (ii) liens listed on Schedules 3.8(a) and 3.8(b),
                                                --------------------------- 
     (iii) the Assumed Liabilities, (iv) such consents, authorizations,
     approvals and licenses referred to in Sections 3.5 and 3.6, and (v) liens,
                                           ------------     ---                
     charges, claims, pledges, security interests, equities and encumbrances
     which will be discharged or released either prior to, or substantially
     simultaneously with,

                                      -53-
<PAGE>
 
     the Scheduled Closing at which such property is sold, conveyed, assigned
     and transferred to Buyer and other possible minor matters that in the
     aggregate are not substantial in amount and do not materially detract from
     or interfere with the present or intended use of such property. All such
     tangible personal property is in good operating condition and repair,
     subject to ordinary wear and tear and ordinary and routine maintenance, and
     is reasonably adequate for the operation of the Facilities as they are
     presently operated.

               (b) Except as set forth on Schedule 3.8(b), and except for the
                                          ---------------                    
     Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property, no Subsidiary owns any
     fee or leasehold or other interests in any real property used in and
     necessary for the conduct of the operations of any Facility as presently
     conducted.  Each Subsidiary has good and marketable title to all
     Owned Real Property, or valid and effective leasehold rights in the case of
     the Leased Real Property, included in the Transferred Assets to be sold,
     conveyed, transferred and delivered to Buyer by such Subsidiary, free and
     clear of all liens except for those created or allowed to be suffered by
     Buyer and except for the following:  (i) Permitted Encumbrances, (ii) liens
     (not including liens for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of
     property) that do not materially impair the use of the Owned Real Property
     subject thereto, as such Owned Real Property is being used on the date
     hereof, (iii) easements and similar encumbrances disclosed by current
     standard ALTA Preliminary Title Reports, delivered to and approved by Buyer
     prior to the date hereof (except for such easements or similar encumbrances
     shown on Schedule 8.7(b)), and (iv) zoning, set back, building and other
              ---------------                                                
     similar restrictions including, without limitation, restrictions and
     requirements affecting the Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property
     imposed by deeds, leases, development agreements, declarations, and
     redevelopment authorities, which are not being violated in any manner that
     would cause a Material Adverse Effect on any Facility as currently used and
     operated.  The condition of the Owned and Leased Real Property is such that
     it will not materially adversely affect the operations of the Transferred
     Assets on or from such Owned and Leased Real Property.  All of the
     improvements on land included in the Transferred Assets are in good
     condition and repair, subject to those matters disclosed in Section 3.16 or
                                                                 ------------   
     Schedule 3.16, ordinary wear and tear and ordinary and routine maintenance,
     -------------                                                              
     and in view of the purpose for which such improvements are being used, free
     of any material structural or engineering defects.

                                      -54-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 3.9  Assumed Contracts.  Except for such matters that, when
                       -----------------                                     
     viewed in the aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect on a
     Facility, (a) there is no liability to any person by reason of the default
     by Seller or a Subsidiary under any Assumed Contract, (b) neither Seller
     nor any Subsidiary has received written or other notice that any person
     intends to cancel or terminate any Assumed Contract, (c) all of the Assumed
     Contracts are in full force and effect and without any material default by
     any party or to the knowledge of Seller and the Subsidiaries, any event
     which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be
     such a material default, (d) subject to the provisions of Sections 3.5 and
                                                               ------------    
     3.6, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
     ---                                                                     
     will not constitute and, to the best of Seller's current actual knowledge,
     no event has occurred which, with or without the passage of time or the
     giving of notice or both, would constitute a material breach or
     default by Seller or a Subsidiary of such Assumed Contract, or would cause
     the acceleration of any obligation of Seller or any Subsidiary or the
     creation of any lien (except for Permitted Encumbrances) upon any
     Transferred Asset, and (e) neither Seller nor any Subsidiary has waived any
     right under any Assumed Contract; provided that Seller makes no separate
                                       --------                              
     representation or warranty under this Section 3.9 respecting compliance
                                           -----------                      
     with the provisions of any Assumed Contract related to title to or
     condition of property, licenses, environmental conditions, hazardous
     substances or environmental laws, taxes, or compliance with laws generally,
     it being the intent of the parties that warranties respecting such matters
     shall be made exclusively under the provisions of Sections 3.8, 3.10, 3.16,
                                                       ------------  ----  ---- 
     3.20, and 3.25.  Seller has previously delivered to Buyer true and complete
     ----      ----                                                             
     copies of all written Assumed Contracts except where the failure to so
     deliver a copy thereof will not have a Material Adverse Effect on a
     Facility.

          Section 3.10  Licenses.  Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10, (a) the
                        --------                          -------------         
     Subsidiaries possess all Licenses necessary for their operation of the
     Facilities at the locations and in the manner presently operated (other
     than such Licenses the absence of which would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect on a Facility), (b) if required, such Facilities are accredited by
     applicable accrediting agencies as necessary for their operations in the
     manner presently operated, and (c) such Facilities are certified for
     participation in the Medicare program and have current and valid provider
     contracts with such program.  Schedule 3.10 lists each License held by a
                                   -------------                             
     Subsidiary and related to the ownership or operation of a Facility and a
     true and correct copy of each has previously been delivered to Buyer by
     Seller (other than such Licenses the absence of which would not have a
     Material

                                      -55-
<PAGE>
 
     Adverse Effect on a Facility). All such Licenses are in full force and
     effect.

          Section 3.11  U.S. Person; Resident of Georgia.  Neither Seller nor
                        --------------------------------                     
     any Subsidiary is a "foreign person" for purposes of Section 1445 of the
     Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or any other Laws
                                                     ----                     
     requiring withholding of amounts paid to foreign persons. For purposes of
     the withholding tax imposed by Section 48-7-128 of the Official Code of
     Georgia Annotated, each Subsidiary that owns Transferred Assets
     constituting Owned Real Property located in Georgia and related tangible
     personal property is a corporation the principal place of business of which
     is located in the State of Georgia. The Seller shall, or shall cause the
     relevant Subsidiaries to, provide an appropriate affidavit of each such
     Subsidiary's residence. Seller acknowledges that jurisdictions other than
     Georgia may impose withholding obligations similar to those imposed by
     Georgia and that it is Seller's obligation to provide evidence of
     exemptions from such withholding taxes.

          Section 3.12  Employee Relations.  With respect to the Retained
                        ------------------                               
     Employees, except as set forth on Schedule 3.12:
                                       ------------- 

               (a)  Neither Seller, nor any Subsidiary nor any Facility is a
     party to any agreement with any union, trade association or other similar
     employee organization, no written demand has been made for recognition by a
     labor organization, and to Seller's knowledge it has received no notice of
     any union organizing activities by or with respect to any such employees;

               (b)  There are no controversies (including, without limitation,
     any unfair labor practice complaints, labor strikes, arbitrations,
     disputes, work slowdowns or work stoppages) pending, or to the best of
     Seller's current actual knowledge, threatened, which could have a Material
     Adverse Effect on any Facility; and

               (c)  Each Subsidiary has been and is in material compliance with
     all federal and state laws respecting employment and employment practices,
     terms and conditions of employment, and wages and hours (including, but not
     limited to, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
     of 1964, as amended, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Age
     Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities
     Act of 1990 and the Family and Medical Leave Act).

                                      -56-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 3.13  Employee Plans.
                        -------------- 

               (a)  With respect to each Multiemployer Plan, there has occurred
     no "complete withdrawal" or "partial withdrawal," as each is defined in
     Sections 4203 and 4205, respectively, of ERISA, and all payments required
     to be made to such Multiemployer Plans by a Subsidiary under any collective
     bargaining agreement have been made.

               (b) Neither Buyer nor any Buyer Subsidiary shall have any
     obligation or liability to Seller, any Subsidiary or any present or former
     employee of any of them for or with respect to any benefit plan,
     employee benefit plan or employee health or welfare program or other
     Employee Benefit Arrangements (as defined in Section 3.26(c)), except for
                                                  ---------------             
     specifically listed Assumed Liabilities and other express obligations of
     Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries under this Agreement.

          Section 3.14  Litigation.  Except for (a) matters associated with or
                        ----------                                            
     within the scope of the significant legal proceedings and investigations of
     an unusual nature referred to in Seller's filings with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission (the "Unusual Proceedings"), (b) ordinary routine
                               -------------------                        
     claims and litigation incidental to the businesses represented by the
     Facilities (including, but not limited to, actions for negligence,
     professional malpractice, workers' compensation claims, so-called "slip-
     and-fall" claims and the like), (c) governmental inspections and reviews
     customarily made of businesses such as those operated from the Facilities,
     and (d) as set forth on Schedule 3.14, there are no actions, suits, claims
                             -------------                                     
     or proceedings pending, or to the knowledge of Seller or any Subsidiary,
     threatened against or affecting the Transferred Assets or relating to the
     operations of the Facilities, at law or in equity, or before or by any
     federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission,
     agency or instrumentality.  The claims and litigation referred to in clause
                                                                          ------
     (b) above are covered by insurance currently maintained by Seller except
     ---                                                                     
     where the failure to be so covered (i) would not have a Material Adverse
     Effect on any Facility or (ii) is of a nature that is not ordinarily
     subject to insurance coverage (e.g., demands for punitive damages).
                                    ----                                 
     Neither Seller nor any Subsidiary is in default under any judgment, order
     or decree of any governmental agency or authority applicable to the conduct
     of the business conducted at the Facilities.  Except as disclosed on
                                                                         
     Schedule 3.14, there is no condemnation proceeding pending or, to the
     -------------                                                        
     knowledge of Seller or any Subsidiary, threatened against any of the Owned
     or Leased Real Property.  Schedule 3.14 includes an accurate and complete
                               -------------                                  
     list of each malpractice claim or

                                      -57-
<PAGE>
 
     lawsuit pending or to Seller's or any Subsidiary's knowledge, threatened
     against any Facility or Subsidiary.

          Section 3.15  Inventory.  All Inventory included in the Transferred
                        ---------                                            
     Assets and included in the Net Book Values will consist of a quality and
     quantity usable and salable in the ordinary course of business, except for
     items of obsolete materials and materials of below-standard quality at any
     given Facility, all of which in the aggregate are immaterial to the
     financial condition or results of operations of the businesses operated
     from such Facility taken as a whole, or have been, or prior to the relevant
     Scheduled Closing will be, written down to realizable market value.

          Section 3.16  Hazardous Substances.  To Seller's and the Subsidiaries'
                        --------------------                                    
     knowledge, except as disclosed by the Environmental Survey (as defined in
                                                                              
     Section 6.2(b)) or otherwise on Schedule 3.16:
     --------------                  ------------- 

               (a)  There has not been a Release of Hazardous Material on or
     otherwise affecting the Owned Real Properties or the Leased Real
     Properties, (other than Releases involving de minimis quantities of
     Hazardous Materials) that would:  (i) constitute a violation of any
     Environmental Law by Seller or the Subsidiaries, or by any third party if
     the effect of such violation by such third party imposes a remediation
     obligation on the part of Seller or any Subsidiary; (ii) trigger any
     release-reporting obligations of Seller or the Subsidiaries under any
     Environmental Law; or (iii) trigger any clean-up or remediation obligations
     or Seller or the Subsidiaries under any Environmental Law;

               (b)  Seller and the Subsidiaries have complied with and currently
     are in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws that
     govern the Owned Real Properties, the Leased Real Properties, and the
     businesses operated from any such properties;

               (c)  Seller and the Subsidiaries have obtained all material
     Licenses required under the Environmental Laws for operation of their
     businesses related to the Owned Real Properties and the Leased Real
     Properties, have complied with and currently are in compliance in all
     material respects with all such Licenses, and have not received any notice
     that:  (i) any such existing License will be revoked; or (ii) any pending
     application for any new such License will be denied;

                                      -58-
<PAGE>
 
               (d)  Seller and the Subsidiaries have not received any currently
     outstanding notice of any proceedings, action, or other claim or liability
     arising under any Environmental Laws (including, without limitation, notice
     of potentially responsible party status under the Comprehensive
     Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C.
     (S)(S)9601 et seq. or any state counterpart) from any person or
     governmental agency regarding the Owned Real Properties, the Leased Real
     Properties, or the businesses operated from such properties;

               (e)  Neither Seller nor any Subsidiary has received any currently
     outstanding notice, which notice is specifically directed to an Owned or
     Leased Real Property (rather than to all property owners or operators in a
     given geographic area), that any of the Owned Real Properties or any of the
     Leased Real Properties is the subject of a material deed restriction,
     material title-transfer restriction, other material land-use restriction,
     or material lien arising in each case under any Environmental Law;

               (f)  Neither the Owned Real Properties, the Leased Real
     Properties, nor any of the businesses conducted on any such properties is
     the subject of any outstanding order, decree, or agreement with or
     involving any governmental agency, court, or other party respecting any
     material aspect of the operation of such properties and businesses that
     relates to or arises under any Environmental Law (other than orders,
     decrees or agreements affecting or directed to the healthcare industry
     generally, or in the case of Leased Real Properties, lease agreements
     requiring compliance with applicable Environmental Law);

               (g)  No portion of the Owned Real Properties or Leased Real
     Properties contains or has ever contained any underground storage tank,
     surface impoundment or similar device used for the management of
     wastewater, or other waste management unit dedicated to the disposal,
     treatment, or long-term (greater than 90 days) storage of waste materials;
     and

               (h)  Neither Seller, any Subsidiary nor any other person has
     improperly disturbed or encroached upon any floodplain areas, waters, or
     wetlands associated with any of the Owned Real Properties or Leased Real
     Properties in violation of any Environmental Law.

          Section 3.17  Financial Information.
                        --------------------- 

                                      -59-
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  Attached hereto as Schedule 3.17(a) is an unaudited
                                       ----------------                
     statement of combined earnings from the operations of the Transferred
     Assets and Assumed Liabilities of the First Facilities and Subsequent
     Facilities (as they were comprised on the as of date of such Schedule)
     before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for
                                                                    ------      
     the fiscal year ended May 31, 1993 and for the fiscal period ended November
     30, 1993 (collectively, the "EBITDA Statements").  The EBITDA Statements
                                  -----------------                          
     present fairly the combined EBITDA of such operations, taken as a whole, as
     of the dates and for the periods shown, and were derived from and are in
     accordance with the internal books and records of the Subsidiaries as well
     as the "Subsidiaries" defined in the First Facilities Agreement (the
     "Combined Subsidiaries") and the regularly prepared unaudited internal
     ----------------------                    
     financial statements of the First Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities,
     which are prepared in accordance with the generally accepted accounting
     principles utilized in the preparation of the published financial
     statements of Seller.

               (b)  Attached hereto as Schedule 3.17(b) is an internally
                                       ----------------                 
     prepared unaudited combined statement of certain assets and liabilities of
     the First Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities as of November 30, 1993
     (the "Balance Sheet"; collectively, the Balance Sheet and the EBITDA
           -------------                                                 
     Statements are the "Financial Schedule").  The Balance Sheet has been
                         ------------------                               
     prepared from, and is in accordance with, the internal books and records of
     the Combined Subsidiaries and presents fairly the financial condition of
     the First Facilities and the Subsequent Facilities with respect to the
     Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities that are the subject of this
     Agreement and the First Facilities Agreement, taken as a whole, as of the
     date shown.  The Balance Sheet was prepared in accordance with Seller's
     practices for the preparation of internal financial statements,
     consistently applied, and is in accordance with the generally accepted
     accounting principles utilized in the preparation of the published
     financial statements of Seller.

               (c)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Financial Schedule
     does not (A) reflect all intercompany eliminations, adjustments and
     accruals that are reflected in financial statements of Seller, (B) reflect
     any reserves for the Unusual Proceedings, (C) reflect any anticipation of
     the divestiture of the Transferred Assets that are the subject of this
     Agreement and the First Facilities Agreement and any adjustments to the
     carrying values of such assets occasioned thereby, (D) contain footnotes or
     other explanatory material associated with financial statements prepared in
     accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or (E) contain
     normal year-end

                                      -60-
<PAGE>
 
     adjustments with respect to interim periods, (ii) the EBITDA Statements do
     not reflect allocations of indirect costs and non-hospital overhead or the
     corresponding cost reimbursement impact of claiming such costs in a Cost
     Report relating to First Facilities or Subsequent Facilities, and (iii)
     certain earnings, assets and liabilities have been excluded from the EBITDA
     Statements or the Balance Sheets, as applicable, as noted in the footnotes
     or other explanatory material associated with the Financial Statements. In
     addition, the Financial Schedule is to be read in conjunction with, and is
     subject to, all notes and other explanatory material set forth therein.

               (d)  The Balance Sheet reflects the amount of Receivables, as
     well as "Receivables" as defined in the First Facilities Agreement
     (together, the "Combined Receivables"), which for this purpose may include
                     --------------------                                      
     Eligible Receivables (including "Eligible Receivables" as defined in the
     First Facilities Agreement) as of the date thereof, net of allowances
     customarily recorded by the Combined Subsidiaries for uncollectible and
     doubtful accounts, and contractual allowances pursuant to agreements with
     Payors, all in conformity with Seller's practices for the preparation of
     internal financial statements and in accordance with the generally accepted
     accounting principles utilized in the preparation of the published
     financial statements of the Seller.  To the knowledge of Seller and each
     such Subsidiary, all such Combined Receivables included in the Balance
     Sheet represent amounts validly owed to the applicable Combined Subsidiary
     by reason of the provision of goods, services and other consideration by
     such Combined Subsidiary, and, to the knowledge of Seller and each such
     Combined Subsidiary, are not valued in excess of the amounts expected to be
     collected with respect thereto.  Each such Combined Subsidiary maintains
     its accounting records in sufficient detail to substantiate the Combined
     Receivables reflected on the Balance Sheet.  Since the date of Seller's
     most recent audited financial statements, neither Seller nor any such
     Combined Subsidiary has changed any principle or practice with respect to
     the recordation of accounts receivable or the calculation of reserves
     therefor, or any material collection, discount or write-off policy or
     procedure.

          Section 3.18  Changes Since Balance Sheet.  Since the date of the
                        ---------------------------                        
     Balance Sheet and up to and including the date of this Agreement, other
     than as contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Subsidiaries have
     conducted the businesses represented by the Transferred Assets only in the
     ordinary and normal course, except for (i) matters associated with the
     Unusual Proceedings, (ii) as shown on Schedule 3.18, (iii) the institution
                                           -------------                       
     or 

                                      -61-
<PAGE>
 
     completion of compliance programs, or (iv) events in anticipation of the
     divestiture of the Transferred Assets, and there has not been:

               (a)  Any entry into or termination by Seller or a Subsidiary of
     any material commitment, contract, agreement or transaction (including,
     without limitation, any borrowing or lending transaction or capital
     expenditure) related to the Transferred Assets except for transactions in
     the ordinary course of business and renegotiation of credit agreements to
     which Seller and certain of its subsidiaries are parties which
     renegotiations will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Transferred
     Assets or on any Facility;

               (b)  Any casualty, physical damage, destruction or physical loss
     respecting, or change in the physical condition of, any Facility or
     Equipment that has had a Material Adverse Effect on a Facility;

               (c)  Any transfer of or rights granted under any contract which
     would have been an Assumed Contract on the date of the Balance Sheet except
     for transactions in the ordinary course of business;

               (d)  Other than in the ordinary course of business, (i) any sale
     or other disposition of any fixed asset included in the Balance Sheet
     having a net book value in excess of $100,000, or (ii) any material
     mortgage, pledge or imposition of any lien or other encumbrances on any
     such asset, or (iii) sales or dispositions of, or the imposition of
     material encumbrances on, fixed assets included in such Balance Sheet
     having a net book value that exceeds $1,000,000 in the aggregate, or (iv)
     any sale or other disposition of Inventories included in the Balance Sheet;

               (e)  Any material amendment (other than general amendments which
     the carrier makes for a category of policy) or termination of any material
     insurance policy or failure to renew any material insurance policy covering
     the Transferred Assets;

               (f)  Any default or breach by Seller or a Subsidiary under any
     contract that would have been an Assumed Contract on the date of the
     Balance Sheet which, when viewed individually or in the aggregate of all
     such breaches or defaults, has had a Material Adverse Effect on any
     Facility;

                                      -62-
<PAGE>
 
               (g)  Any material adverse change in the trend of the business,
     financial condition or results of operations of any Facility as compared to
     the trend of the business, financial condition or results of operations, as
     applicable, of such Facility for the two year period ended November 30,
     1993; or

               (h)  Any increase made in the compensation levels of any chief
     executive officer or chief financial officer of any Facility, or any
     general increase made in the compensation levels of the other Retained
     Employees, except in the ordinary course of business.

          Section 3.19  Transferred Business Names.  Seller or one of the
                        --------------------------                       
     Subsidiaries owns or has the right to use the Transferred Business Names,
     free of any liens.  Schedule 2.1(h) sets forth for each Transferred
                         ---------------                                
     Business Name, if any, that is the subject of a trademark registration the
     date of registration, the registration number and the expiration date.  To
     the  knowledge of Seller and the Subsidiaries, no aspect of registered
     trademarks included in the Transferred Business Names, if any, has been
     adjudged invalid or unenforceable or has been cancelled or revoked.  Except
     as set forth on Schedule 3.19, to the knowledge of Seller and the
                     -------------                                    
     Subsidiaries, the use by the Subsidiaries of the Transferred Business Names
     in connection with the Facilities does not conflict with or violate any
     valid rights of third parties, including any patents, trademarks, trade
     names or copyrights of others, in any way which would have a Material
     Adverse Effect on the Transferred Assets or a Facility; neither Seller nor
     any Subsidiary has received any notice of a conflict with the asserted
     rights of others in connection therewith which, if determined adversely,
     would have a Material Adverse Effect on any Facility.  Neither Seller nor
     any of the Subsidiaries is obligated to pay any amount, whether as a
     royalty, license fee or other payment, to any person in order to use any of
     the Transferred Business Names.

          Section 3.20  Compliance with Laws and Accreditation.  To Seller's and
                        --------------------------------------                  
     each Subsidiary's knowledge, Seller and each Subsidiary has complied in all
     material respects with all laws, regulations and orders, and as materially
     required for participation in the Medicare, CHAMPUS and Medicaid
     reimbursement programs and is in material compliance with the indigent care
     conditions, if any, contained in or related to certificates of need
     obtained by it except (a) as set forth in Schedule 3.20, (b) as described
                                               -------------                  
     in Sections 3.10, 3.12, 3.16, and 3.21 and the Schedules, if any related
        -------------  ----  ----      ----         ---------                
     thereto, and (c) for matters related to the Unusual Proceedings.  With

                                      -63-
<PAGE>
 
     respect to each Facility, Seller has previously delivered to Buyer true and
     complete copies of the most recent Joint Commission on Accreditation of
     Health Care Organizations ("JCAHO") accreditation survey report and
     deficiency list, if any; the most recent Statement of Deficiencies and Plan
     of Correction on Form HCFA-2567; the most recent state licensing report and
     list of deficiencies, if any; the most recent fire marshall's survey and
     deficiency list, if any; and the corresponding plans of correction or other
     responses except, in each case, such surveys, reports or deficiency lists
     which do not reflect any deficiency which would have a Material Adverse
     Effect on any Facility.  Seller or the relevant Subsidiary has taken or is
     in the process of taking all reasonable steps to correct all material
     deficiencies noted therein and a description of any material uncorrected
     deficiency is listed in Schedule 3.20. There are no provisions in, or other
                             -------------             
     agreements to which Seller or a Subsidiary is a party relating to any
     Licenses, which would preclude or limit Buyer from operating the
     Transferred Assets substantially as they are now operated and using the
     beds of any Facility substantially as they are currently classified.

          Section 3.21  Cost Reports, Third Party Receivables and Conditions of
                        -------------------------------------------------------
     Participation.  The Cost Reports of the Facilities for Medicare, Medicaid
     -------------                                                            
     (if required) and Blue Cross (if required) reimbursement have been audited
     through the periods set forth in Schedule 3.21, and Blue Cross and Medicare
                                      -------------                             
     Cost Reports of the Facilities were filed when due.  Except for matters
     related to the Unusual Proceedings, and as set forth in Schedule 3.21:  to
                                                             -------------     
     the knowledge of Seller, (a) neither Seller nor any Subsidiary has received
     notice of any material dispute between a Facility and Blue Cross,
     governmental authorities or the Medicare fiscal intermediary regarding such
     Cost Reports for periods subsequent to the period specified in Schedule
                                                                    --------
     3.21 other than with respect to adjustments thereto made in the ordinary
     ----                                                                    
     course of business which do not involve individual amounts in excess of ten
     thousand dollars ($10,000) per Cost Report; (b) there are no pending or
     threatened material claims by any of such programs against any Facility;
     (c) each Facility currently meets, without material exception, the
     conditions for participation in the Medicare program; and (d) no Facility
     has been subject to loss of waiver of liability for utilization review
     denials with respect to any such program during the past two years.

          Section 3.22  Medical Staff.  Seller has previously delivered to
                        -------------                                     
     Buyer, with respect to each Facility, a true and correct copy of the blank
     forms generally used with respect to medical staff privilege and membership
     application or delineation of privilege; all current medical staff bylaws,

                                      -64-
<PAGE>
 
     rules and regulations and amendments thereto respecting Facilities; and all
     written contracts with physicians, physician groups, or other members of
     the medical staffs of the Facilities.  With regard to the active medical
     staffs of the Facilities, there are no material pending or threatened
     disciplinary or corrective actions or appeals therefrom involving physician
     applicants or active medical staff members except as set forth in Schedule
                                                                       --------
     3.22.  Schedule 3.22 also sets forth a materially complete and accurate
     ----   -------------                                                   
     list and description of (a) the name of each member of the medical staff of
     each Facility as of the date shown on such Schedule, (b) the approximate
     age of each active medical staff member as of such date, (c) the specialty,
     if any, of each medical staff member, (d) readily available reports
     regarding the number of patient admissions of each medical staff member
     for the period shown on such Schedule 3.22, and (e) readily available 
                                  -------------         
     reports regarding the aggregate patient days of patients admitted by each
     medical staff member for the period shown on such Schedule 3.22.
                                                       ------------- 

          Section 3.23  Hill-Burton Care.  Except as set forth in Schedule 3.23,
                        ----------------                          ------------- 
     no Subsidiary or Facility has an outstanding loan, grant or loan guarantee
     pursuant to the Hill-Burton Act (42 U.S.C. (S)291a, et seq.) and the
     transactions contemplated hereby will not result in any obligation on the
     part of the Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary to repay any such loans, grants or
     loan guarantees or provide uncompensated care in consideration thereof.

          Section 3.24  Assets Used in the Operation of the Facilities.  There
                        ----------------------------------------------        
     are no assets or properties that are used in and necessary for the conduct
     of the operations of the Facilities that are owned by Seller and the
     Subsidiaries, and which individually or in the aggregate, are necessary for
     the operation of the Facilities that are not included in the Transferred
     Assets except for such Assumed Contracts which Buyer has elected or will
     elect to reject pursuant to Section 2.18.  Except as set forth in Schedule
                                 ------------                          --------
     3.24 and subject to Section 2.18, the Transferred Assets include all assets
     ----                ------------                                           
     and properties that are properly recordable on the Balance Sheet, other
     than  assets and properties disposed of by the Seller or a Subsidiary in
     the ordinary course of business since the date of the Balance Sheet and
     without violation of this Agreement.

          Section 3.25  Taxes.  All tax returns of every kind (including,
                        -----                                            
     without limitation, returns of all income taxes, franchise taxes, real and
     personal property taxes, intangibles taxes, patient revenue or other
     healthcare taxes, withholding taxes, employee compensation taxes and all
     other taxes of any kind applicable to Seller or any Subsidiary) that are
     due

                                      -65-
<PAGE>
 
     to have been filed in accordance with applicable laws have been duly filed,
     and all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns have been paid in
     full.

          Section 3.26  Lists of Other Data.  Schedule 2.1(f) contains a list,
                        -------------------   ---------------                 
     materially complete and correct as of the dates shown thereon, of the Other
     Assigned Contracts, and Schedules 3.26(a) through (h) contain lists
                             -----------------         ---              
     or other information, materially complete and correct as of the dates shown
     thereon, of the following:

               (a)  The most recent regularly generated depreciation schedules
     related to tangible personal property constituting Equipment, together with
     copies of such schedules;

               (b)  A brief description of all insurance in force covering (i)
     fixed assets that would constitute Transferred Assets, or (ii) the
     operations of any Facility as of such date;

               (c)  All compensation, bonus, incentive, deferred payments,
     retirement, pension, severance, profit-sharing, stock purchase and stock
     option plans, group life, automobile, medical, dental, disability, welfare
     or other employee benefit plans or insurance policies, and other similar
     arrangements (collectively, "Employee Benefit Arrangements") generally
                                  -----------------------------            
     applicable to the Retained Employees or a substantial part thereof or
     generally applicable to the chief executive or chief financial officers, or
     a substantial part thereof, of the Facilities as of such date;

               (d)  The aggregate accrued Paid Time Off for all employees at
     each Facility, as of the date shown;

               (e)  Any contract relating to clean-up, abatement or other
     actions in connection with the remediation of any existing environmental
     liabilities or relating to the performance of any environmental audit or
     study with respect to the Facilities other than with respect to the
     Environmental Survey and entered into in the three years preceding the date
     hereof;

               (f)  Any indenture, mortgage, loan, credit or other written
     contract under which any of the Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, is
     indebted for money borrowed or is the issuer of any note, bond, indenture
     or other evidence of indebtedness for money borrowed or guarantor of

                                      -66-
<PAGE>
 
     similar financial obligations of others, whether or not reflected on the
     Balance Sheet;

               (g)  Any contract with any bank, finance company or similar
     organization pursuant to which such organization acquires receivables from
     the Subsidiaries; and

               (h)  Any contract granting any person a lien, security interest
     or mortgage on any Transferred Asset (other than Permitted Encumbrances),
     including, without limitation, any factoring agreement or agreement for the
     assignment of accounts receivable or inventory.

          Section 3.27  Certain Transactions.  Except as set forth in Schedule
                        --------------------                          --------
     3.27, and except for remuneration as employees, since November 30, 1992 (i)
     ----                                                                       
     no Facility has been a party to any transaction or series of similar
     transactions in which the amount involved exceeds $60,000 and in which the
     chief executive officer, chief financial officer or medical director of
     such Facility has a direct or indirect material interest, and (ii) no chief
     executive officer, chief financial officer or medical director of any
     Facility has been indebted to Seller or any Subsidiary in an amount in
     excess of $60,000.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

          Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Seller, as of the date hereof,
     as follows, except as set forth in Schedules numbered in relation to the
     Sections set forth below:

          Section 4.1  Organization and Corporate Power.  Buyer is a corporation
                       --------------------------------                         
     duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of, and is authorized
     to exercise its corporate powers, rights and privileges and is in good
     standing in, the State of Delaware and has full corporate power to carry on
     its business as presently conducted and to own or lease and operate its
     properties and assets now owned or leased and operated by it and to perform
     the transactions on its part contemplated by this Agreement and all other
     agreements contemplated hereby.

          Section 4.2  Buyer Subsidiaries.
                       ------------------ 

                                      -67-
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  As of each Scheduled Closing, each Buyer Subsidiary will be
     a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
     the laws of its state of incorporation.  Each Buyer Subsidiary will have,
     at the First Closing and at each Scheduled Closing thereafter, all
     requisite power and authority (corporate and otherwise) to carry on its
     business as then conducted and to own or lease and operate its properties
     and assets then owned or leased and operated by it and to perform the
     transactions on its part contemplated by this Agreement and all other
     agreements contemplated hereby.

               (b)  The board of directors of each Buyer Subsidiary and, if
     required, its shareholders, will have, by the date of the First Closing,
     duly and effectively authorized (i) the purchase of the Transferred Assets
     to be purchased by such Buyer Subsidiary; and (ii) the execution, delivery
     and performance of the Related Agreements and all other agreements
     contemplated hereby and thereby to which such Buyer Subsidiary is a party.
     No other corporate act or proceeding on the part of any Buyer Subsidiary,
     its board of directors or its shareholders will be necessary to authorize
     any Related Agreement or other agreement contemplated hereby and thereby or
     the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

               (c)  The Related Agreements and all other agreements contemplated
     hereby and thereby to which any Buyer Subsidiary is a party will, as of
     each Scheduled Closing, have been duly executed and delivered by each such
     Buyer Subsidiary, and each such agreement, when executed and delivered will
     constitute, a valid and binding obligation of such Buyer Subsidiary,
     enforceable against such Buyer Subsidiary in accordance with its terms,
     except as it may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
     moratorium or other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to
     creditors' rights generally and that the remedy of specific performance and
     injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable
     defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may
     be brought.

          Section 4.3  Authority Relative to this Agreement.  The execution,
                       ------------------------------------                 
     delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Related Agreements and
     the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have
     been duly and effectively authorized by the board of directors of Buyer; no
     other corporate act or proceeding on the part of Buyer, its board of
     directors or shareholders is necessary to authorize this Agreement, any
     such Related Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and 

                                      -68-
<PAGE>
 
     thereby. This Agreement has been, and each of the Related Agreements
     contemplated hereby will, as of each Scheduled Closing, have been, duly
     executed and delivered by Buyer and by each applicable Buyer Subsidiary,
     and this Agreement constitutes, and each such Related Agreement when
     executed and delivered will constitute, a valid and binding obligation of
     Buyer and each Buyer Subsidiary party thereto, enforceable against Buyer
     and each Buyer Subsidiary party thereto, in accordance with its terms,
     except as it may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
     moratorium or other similar Laws now or hereafter in effect relating to
     creditors' rights generally and that the remedy of specific performance and
     injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to equitable
     defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may
     be brought.

          Section 4.4  Absence of Breach.  Subject to the provisions of Sections
                       -----------------                                --------
     4.5 and 4.6 below regarding private party and governmental consents, and
     ---     ---                                                             
     except for compliance with the requirements of the HSR Act and any
     regulatory or licensing Laws applicable to the businesses and assets
     represented by the Transferred Assets, the execution, delivery and
     performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the
     execution and delivery by any Buyer Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to
     which it is a party, and the performance by the Buyer Subsidiaries of the
     transactions to be performed by them and contemplated by this Agreement and
     the Related Agreements entered into by the Buyer Subsidiaries, do not, (a)
     conflict with or result in a breach of any of the provisions of Charter
     Documents of Buyer or of any of the Buyer Subsidiaries, (b) contravene any
     Law or cause the suspension or revocation of any License presently in
     effect, which affects or binds Buyer or any of the Buyer Subsidiaries or
     any of their material properties, or (c) conflict with or result in a
     breach of or default under any indenture or loan or credit agreement or any
     other agreement or instrument to which Buyer or any of the Buyer
     Subsidiaries is a party or by which it or they or any of their properties
     may be affected or bound.

          Section 4.5  Private Party Consents.  Except as set forth on Schedule
                       ----------------------                          --------
     4.5, the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and
     ---                                                                        
     the Related Agreements and the execution and delivery by any Buyer
     Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to which it is a party, and the
     performance by the Buyer Subsidiaries of the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement and the Related Agreements to be performed by the Buyer

                                      -69-
<PAGE>
 
     Subsidiaries,  do not require the authorization, consent or approval of any
     non-governmental third party.

          Section 4.6  Governmental Consents.  The execution, delivery and
                       ---------------------                              
     performance by Buyer of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, and the
     execution and delivery by any Buyer Subsidiary of the Related Agreements to
     which it is a party, and the performance by the Buyer Subsidiaries of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements to
     be executed, delivered or performed by the Buyer Subsidiaries, do not
     require the authorization, consent, approval, certification, license or
     order of, or any filing with, any court or governmental agency, except for
     compliance with the HSR Act and except for such governmental
     authorizations, consents, approvals, certifications, licenses and orders
     that customarily accompany the transfer of health care facilities such as
     the Facilities.

          Section 4.7  Brokers.  Except as set forth on Schedule 4.7, no broker,
                       -------                          ------------            
     finder, or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder's or
     other fee or commission in connection with this Agreement or the
     transactions contemplated hereby based upon any agreements or arrangements
     or commitments, written or oral, made by or on behalf of Buyer or any of
     its Affiliates.  Buyer shall be solely responsible for the payment of any
     such fee or commission to any person or entity listed on Schedule 4.7 as an
                                                              ------------      
     exception to the foregoing.

          Section 4.8  Qualified for Licenses.  Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary is
                       ----------------------                                 
     qualified to obtain any Licenses and program participations necessary for
     the operation by Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary of the Transferred Assets as
     of the relevant Scheduled Closing in the same manner as the Transferred
     Assets are presently operated by Seller and the Subsidiaries.

          Section 4.9  Financial Ability to Perform.  Buyer has liquid capital
                       ----------------------------                           
     or committed sources therefor sufficient to permit it to perform timely its
     obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, the payment of the
     Tentative Purchase Price to Seller at the Scheduled Closings and the other
     payments to Seller required hereunder.  Promptly after its receipt of
     letters of commitment or other documents related to the financing of its
     obligations hereunder, Buyer will provide copies of the same to Seller.

          Section 4.10  No Knowledge of Seller's Breach.  Neither Buyer nor, to
                        -------------------------------                        
     the knowledge of Buyer, any of its Affiliates has knowledge of any 

                                      -70-
<PAGE>
 
     breach of any representation or warranty by Seller or of any other
     condition or circumstance that would excuse Buyer from its timely
     performance of its obligations hereunder. Buyer shall notify Seller as
     promptly as practicable if any such information comes to its attention
     before any relevant Closing Date.

          Section 4.11  No Assurance.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the
                        ------------                                         
     rates or bases used in calculating payments or reimbursements to it or
     a Buyer Subsidiary by any Payor (including but not limited to Medicare) may
     differ from the rates and bases used in calculating such payments or
     reimbursements to Seller and the Subsidiaries.  In entering into the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements,
     Buyer is relying solely on the express representations, warranties and
     covenants of Seller and the Subsidiaries contained in this Agreement and
     the Related Agreements and upon no other representations or statements of
     Seller, the Subsidiaries or any of their representatives, and acknowledges
     and agrees that nothing in this Agreement or the Related Agreements shall
     be deemed to create any implied duty, disclosure obligation or
     responsibility on the part of Seller or the Subsidiaries.  Buyer further
     acknowledges that during the course of the due diligence investigation,
     material information related to the matters that are the subject of the
     Unusual Proceedings may not have been discovered by or disclosed to it.
     Seller represents and warrants that, at those scheduled confidential
     meetings held among counsel for Buyer and Seller on the dates referenced in
     Schedule 4.11, which meetings were held for the purpose of conducting
     -------------                                                        
     Buyer's due diligence regarding the Unusual Proceedings, statements of fact
     concerning the Unusual Proceedings made by Seller's counsel present at such
     meetings were not materially inaccurate.

                                   ARTICLE 5
                            COVENANTS OF EACH PARTY

          Section 5.1  Efforts to Consummate Transactions.  Subject to the terms
                       ----------------------------------                       
     and conditions herein provided including, without limitation, Articles 8
                                                                   ----------
     and 9 hereof, each of the parties hereto agrees to use its reasonable
         -                                                                
     commercial efforts to take, or to cause to be taken, all reasonable actions
     and to do, or to cause to be done, all reasonable things necessary, proper
     or advisable under applicable Laws to consummate and make effective, as
     soon as reasonably practicable, the Transactions contemplated hereby,
     including the satisfaction of all conditions thereto set forth herein.
     Such actions shall include, without limitation, exerting their reasonable
     efforts to

                                      -71-
<PAGE>
 
     obtain the consents, authorizations and approvals of all private parties
     and governmental authorities whose consent is reasonably necessary to
     effectuate the Transactions contemplated hereby, and effecting all other
     necessary registrations and filings, including but not limited to filings
     under Laws relating to the transfer or obtaining of necessary Licenses,
     under the HSR Act and all other necessary filings with governmental
     authorities. Inasmuch as the Transactions in respect of the First
     Facilities may be consummated without regard to consummation of the
     transactions contemplated by the Subsequent Facilities Agreement, the
     parties hereby agree that, in order potentially to expedite the timing of
     the First Closing, the parties will make separate filings under the HSR Act
     with respect to the First Facilities and the Second Facilities. The
     foregoing notwithstanding, it shall be the responsibility of Buyer to use
     its reasonable commercial efforts and to act diligently and at its expense
     to obtain any authorizations, approvals and consents in connection with
     acquiring Licenses and program participations that will permit it to
     operate the Facilities after the Scheduled Closings, provided that Buyer
                                                          --------           
     will seek to obtain Licenses and program participations subject to the
     existing conditions under which the Subsidiaries operate the Facilities and
     will not seek to change the same until the Transferred Assets and Assumed
     Liabilities respecting the Facilities in question have been transferred to
     and assumed by Buyer.  Seller and its Subsidiaries shall cooperate with
     Buyer's efforts to obtain the requisite regulatory consents, provided
     neither Seller nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be obligated to incur any
     liabilities or assume any obligations in connection therewith.  Other than
     Buyer's and Seller's obligations under Section 5.5, neither party shall
                                            -----------                     
     have any liability to the other if, after using its reasonable commercial
     efforts (and, in the case of Buyer's efforts to obtain requisite Licenses,
     acting diligently), it is unable to obtain any consents, authorizations or
     approvals necessary for such party to consummate the Transactions.  As used
     herein, the terms "reasonable commercial efforts" or "reasonable efforts"
                        -----------------------------      ------------------ 
     do not include the provision of any consideration to any third party or the
     suffering of any economic detriment to a party's ongoing operations for the
     procurement of any such consent, authorization or approval except for the
     costs of gathering and supplying data or other information or making any
     filings, fees and expenses of counsel and consultants and for customary
     fees and charges of governmental authorities and accreditation
     organizations.

          Section 5.2  Cooperation; Regulatory Filings.  Prior to and after the
                       -------------------------------                         
     Final Closing, upon prior reasonable written request, each party agrees to
     cooperate with the other in every reasonable commercial way to consum-

                                      -72-
<PAGE>
 
     mate the Transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all analyses,
     appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, arguments, opinions and
     proposals made or submitted by or on behalf of either party hereto in
     connection with proceedings under or relating to the HSR Act or any other
     federal or state antitrust or fair trade law, or made or submitted by or on
     behalf of Buyer in connection with proceedings to obtain the Licenses and
     program participations referred to in Section 5.1 hereof, shall be subject
                                           -----------                         
     to the joint approval or disapproval and the joint control of Buyer and
     Seller, acting with the advice of their respective counsel, it being the
     intent of the foregoing that the parties hereto will consult and cooperate
     with one another, and consider in good faith the views of one another, in
     connection with any such analysis, presentation, memorandum, brief,
     argument, appearance, opinion or proposal; provided that nothing herein
                                                --------                    
     shall prevent either party hereto or any of their Affiliates or their
     authorized representatives from (a) making or submitting any such analysis,
     appearance, presentation, memorandum, brief, argument, opinion or proposal
     in response to a subpoena or other legal process or as otherwise required
     by Law, or (b) submitting factual information to the United States
     Department of Justice, the Federal Trade Commission, any other governmental
     agency or any court or administrative law judge in response to a request
     therefor or as otherwise required by Law.

          Section 5.3  Further Assistance.  From time to time, at the reasonable
                       ------------------                                       
     request of either party, whether on or after a Scheduled Closing, without
     further consideration, either party, at its expense and within a reasonable
     amount of time after request hereunder is made, shall execute and deliver
     such further instruments of assignment, transfer and assumption and take
     such other action as may be reasonably required to more effectively assign
     and transfer the Transferred Assets to, and vest the Assumed Liabilities
     in, Buyer, deliver or make the payment of the Purchase Price to Seller or
     any amounts due from one party to the other pursuant to the terms of this
     Agreement or confirm Seller's ownership of the Excluded Assets and
     obligations with respect to the Excluded Liabilities.

          Section 5.4  Cooperation Respecting Proceedings.  After the Scheduled
                       ----------------------------------                      
     Closings, upon prior reasonable written request, each party shall cooperate
     with the other, at the requesting party's expense (but including only out-
     of-pocket expenses to third parties and not the costs incurred by any party
     for the wages or other benefits paid to its officers, directors or
     employees), in furnishing information, testimony and other assistance in
     connection with any inquiries, actions, tax or Cost Report audits, proceed-

                                      -73-
<PAGE>
 
     ings, arrangements or disputes involving either of the parties hereto
     (other than in connection with disputes between the parties hereto) and
     based upon contracts, arrangements or acts of Seller or any of the
     Subsidiaries which were in effect or occurred on or prior to any Scheduled
     Closing and which relate to the Transferred Assets, including, without
     limitation, arranging discussions with (and the calling as witness of)
     officers, directors, employees, agents, and representatives of Buyer.

          Section 5.5  Expenses.  Whether or not the Transactions contemplated
                       --------                                               
     hereby are consummated, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all
     costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
     transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such
     expenses.  Notwithstanding the foregoing:

               (a)  Costs associated with preliminary title reports and title
     policies shall be borne by Seller up to the costs that would have been
     incurred had the title policies been standard coverage policies of title
     insurance, and the remaining costs, if any, including costs for Extended
     Coverage and any surveys in connection therewith, shall be borne by Buyer;

               (b)  All costs of the Environmental Survey referred to in Section
                                                                         -------
     6.2(b) shall be borne one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller, other than
     ------                                                                    
     any cost incurred in connection with any "Phase II" investigation conducted
     by Buyer's environmental consultant (which shall be borne by Buyer);

               (c)  All escrow charges, appraisal fees, and charges of any
     neutral independent public accountant or mediator, and related costs, shall
     be borne one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller (it being agreed that
     each party shall bear the costs of its own independent public accountant or
     designated mediator);

               (d)  All recording costs and charges respecting real property
     will be borne one-half by Seller and one-half by Buyer;

               (e)  All transfer taxes respecting real property will be borne
     one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller;

               (f) All fees and expenses relating to the filings under the HSR
     Act shall be borne by the party incurring such fees and expenses;

                                      -74-
<PAGE>
 
               (g)  All fees and charges of governmental authorities and
     accreditation agencies in connection with the transfer, issuance or
     authorization of any License, accreditation or program participation shall
     be borne by Buyer;

               (h)  All fees or costs associated with the issuance of any bond
     or the establishment of any escrow required by Section 2.10(a) shall be
                                                    ---------------         
     borne by Buyer;

               (i)  All fees, charges or costs (other than internal costs of
     Seller or any Subsidiary), including auditing fees and expenses, incurred
     as a result of Buyer's compliance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
     as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
     regulations thereunder, shall be borne by Buyer;

               (j)  Out-of-pocket costs incurred by Seller and the Subsidiaries
     in connection with providing transitional assistance to Buyer shall be
     borne by Buyer, whether such assistance is provided before or after a
     Scheduled Closing, including costs associated with attendance at meetings
     requested by Buyer;

               (k)  All liabilities or obligations of Seller or a Subsidiary for
     Taxes in the nature of sales taxes incurred as a result of the sale of the
     Transferred Assets hereunder to Buyer shall be borne one-half by Seller and
     one-half by Buyer; and

               (l)  All fees, charges and costs of economists and other experts,
     if any, jointly retained by Buyer and Seller in connection with submissions
     made to any government agency and advice in connection therewith respecting
     approval of the Transactions, including proceedings under the HSR Act, will
     be borne one-half by Buyer and one-half by Seller.

     All such charges and expenses shall be promptly settled between the parties
     at the relevant Scheduled Closing or upon termination or expiration of
     further proceedings under this Agreement, or with respect to such charges
     and expenses not determined as of such time, as soon thereafter as is
     reasonably practicable.

          Section 5.6  Announcements; Confidentiality.  Prior to the Final
                       ------------------------------                     
     Closing Date, no press or other public announcement, or public statement or
     comment in response to any inquiry, relating to the transactions contem-

                                      -75-
<PAGE>
 
     plated by this Agreement shall be issued or made by Buyer or Seller
     or any Subsidiary without the joint approval of Buyer and Seller; provided
                                                                       --------
     that a press release or other public announcement, regulatory filing,
     statement or comment made without such joint approval shall not
     be in violation of this Section if it is made in order to comply with
     applicable securities Laws or stock exchange policies and in the reasonable
     judgment of the party making such release or announcement, based upon
     advice of counsel, prior review and joint approval, despite reasonable
     efforts to obtain the same, would prevent dissemination of such release or
     announcement in a timely enough fashion to comply with such Laws or
     policies, provided that in all instances prompt notice from one party to
               --------                                                      
     the other shall be given with respect to any such release, announcement,
     statement or comment.  Subject to the foregoing, the parties hereto
     recognize and agree that all information, instruments, documents and
     details concerning the businesses of Buyer, Seller and the Subsidiaries are
     strictly confidential, and Seller and Buyer expressly covenant and agree
     with each other that, prior to and after the Scheduled Closings, they will
     not, nor will they allow any of their respective officers, directors,
     employees, representatives or agents (including professional advisors) to
     disclose or publicly comment upon any matters relating to the business of
     the other or relating to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the
     terms, timing or progress of the transactions contemplated hereby, or its
     negotiation, terms, provisions or conditions, including Purchase Price,
     except for disclosure to their respective professional advisors and lenders
     or prospective financing sources (each of whom shall agree not to disclose
     the same) which is reasonably necessary to effectuate the Transactions
     contemplated hereby and in a manner consistent with the provisions of this
     Agreement.  Each party shall keep all information (i) obtained from the
     other either before or after the date of this Agreement, or (ii) related to
     Buyer's proposed purchase of the Transferred Assets, Seller's proposed sale
     of the Transferred Assets, the contents of this Agreement or the
     negotiation of this Agreement confidential, and neither party shall reveal
     such information to, nor produce copies of any written information for, any
     person outside its management group or its professional advisors (including
     lenders and prospective financing sources) without the prior written
     consent of the other party, unless such party is compelled to disclose such
     information by judicial or administrative process or by any other
     requirements of Law or disclosure is reasonably necessary to obtain a
     License or a consent listed on the Schedule of Required Consents.  If the
     Transactions contemplated by this Agreement should fail to close for any
     reason, each party shall return to the other as soon as practicable all
     originals and copies of written information

                                      -76-
<PAGE>
 
     provided to such party by or on behalf of the other party and none of such
     information shall be used by either party, or their employees, agents or
     representatives in the business operations of any person. Notwithstanding
     the foregoing, (i) each party's obligations under this Section shall not
     apply to any information or document which is or becomes available to the
     public other than as a result of a disclosure by the other party in
     violation of this Agreement or other obligation of confidentiality under
     which such information may be held or becomes available to the party on a
     non-confidential basis from a source other than the other party or its
     officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents and (ii) without
     the prior written consent of Seller, or except as may be required by Law
     (as determined by the written opinion of independent counsel in form and
     substance satisfactory to Seller) the schedules to this Agreement shall not
     be disclosed to or filed with any person (including any governmental entity
     or regulatory board) if such filing or disclosure could result in such
     schedules becoming available to the public. The parties' obligations under
     this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Nothing in
     this Section shall, or is intended to, impair or modify any of the rights
     or obligations of Buyer or its Affiliates under that certain letter
     agreement dated as of September 15, 1993, all of which remain in effect
     until termination of such letter agreement in accordance with its terms.

          Section 5.7  Preservation of and Access to Certain Records.
                       --------------------------------------------- 

               (a)  As set forth in Section 2.2(e), all or any portion of the
                                            ------                           
     medical, clinical and other records directly or indirectly associated with
     the admission, care and treatment of patients on or prior to the relevant
     Closing Date on which the relevant Facility is transferred (collectively,
     for all Facilities, the "Patient Records") and all financial and other
                              ---------------                              
     records of, or located at, a Facility for the period ending on or prior to
     the relevant Closing Date, whether or not maintained at or by a Facility
     (the Patient Records and such other records for all Facilities are
     collectively referred to as the "Hospital Records") shall be Excluded
                                      ----------------                    
     Assets.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties will cooperate in
     providing copies and access to such records as set forth below.

               (b)  Notwithstanding that the Hospital Records are Excluded
     Assets, to the extent required by applicable Law or at Seller's election,
     Seller may choose not to remove the Hospital Records from a transferred
     Facility or otherwise acquire possession of them after a Scheduled Closing.
     Unless and until removed by Seller, the Buyer shall, in accordance with

                                      -77-
<PAGE>
 
     applicable Laws, maintain the Hospital Records at the Facilities (or at
     such other mutually approved locations) at Buyer's cost, and as agent of
     and bailee for Seller, until the expiration of seven (7) years from the
     relevant Scheduled Closing (and, if at the expiration thereof any tax or
     Payor audit or judicial proceeding is in progress or the applicable statute
     of limitations has been extended, for such longer period as such audit or
     proceeding is in progress or such statutory period is extended)(the
     "Document Retention Period"). After a Scheduled Closing and subject to
      -------------------------                                  
     applicable Laws, Buyer shall grant Seller full access to the Hospital
     Records (including any Patient Records) as needed for any lawful purpose
     (including Seller's inspection and copying of same), and Seller shall have
     the same rights of access to inspect and copy (at Seller's cost) any or all
     of the Hospital Records that Seller had prior to the Scheduled Closing.
     Buyer shall instruct the appropriate employees of the Facilities to
     cooperate in providing access to such records to Seller and its authorized
     representatives as contemplated herein. Access to such records shall be,
     wherever reasonably possible, during normal business hours, with reasonable
     prior written notice to Buyer of the time when such access shall be needed.
     Seller's employees, representatives and agents shall conduct themselves in
     such a manner so that Buyer's normal business activities shall not be
     unduly or unnecessarily disrupted. After the expiration of the
     aforementioned Document Retention Period, Buyer shall not, without ninety-
     one (91) days' prior written notification to Seller, destroy any Hospital
     Records in its possession. Within ninety (90) days after its receipt of
     such notice of intent to destroy, Seller shall have the right, at its own
     expense, to require Buyer to deliver any such records to Seller in
     accordance with Seller's reasonable instructions. Buyer shall adopt a
     record retention policy with respect to the Hospital Records which requires
     that all Hospital Records be maintained for the Document Retention Period
     and destroyed only after compliance with the notice provisions of this
     Subsection (b) (including the passage of time), and shall take all
     --------------                                                    
     reasonable steps necessary to inform its employees of such policy.

               (c)  Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Seller shall have the
     right to remove, and may remove, from time to time on or prior to the
     relevant Closing Date and during the Document Retention Period any or all
     of the Hospital Records.  In the event of Seller's removal of any Hospital
     Records from a Facility, it shall, at Seller's cost and subject to
     applicable Laws, provide Buyer with copies (or originals, if required by
     applicable law or accreditation standards) of the following Hospital
     Records if Buyer elects to retain such copies:  (i) the Patient Records for
     patients who are patients

                                      -78-
<PAGE>
 
     of the Facilities at the relevant Scheduled Closing or who are the subject
     of Receivables transferred to Buyer hereunder, (ii) the personnel records
     of the Hired Employees, and (iii) any records Buyer would be required to
     have to comply with accreditation standards. If the Hospital Records are
     removed by Seller, then it shall maintain such Hospital Records at its
     expense during such period of time and at such location as is deemed
     appropriate by Seller in its sole and absolute discretion. For so long as
     the Hospital Records are maintained by Seller, Seller shall make Hospital
     Records (other than those protected by or subject to the attorney-client
     privilege) available to Buyer, subject to applicable Laws, as needed by
     Buyer for any lawful purpose and if reasonably necessary to permit Buyer to
     operate the Facilities or other Transferred Assets. Seller shall instruct
     its appropriate employees to cooperate in providing access to such records
     to Buyer and its authorized representatives as contemplated herein. Buyer's
     access to such Hospital Records shall be during normal business hours, with
     reasonable prior written notice to Seller of the time when such access
     shall be needed. Buyer may make copies of or extracts from any such
     Hospital Records to which Buyer has access hereunder at Buyer's sole cost
     and expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer's access to, or right to
     copies of, any Patient Records shall be subject to any applicable Law,
     accreditation standard or rule of confidentiality or privilege.

               (d)  After Closing, Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiary
     shall have the right to assign to an entity which purchases from Buyer or a
     Buyer Subsidiary a Facility or substantially all the assets of a Facility,
     all of the rights of Buyer under this Section 5.7, provided that such
                                           -----------                    
     entity expressly assumes all obligations of Buyer under this Section 5.7
                                                                  -----------
     with respect to the purchased Facility.

                                   ARTICLE 6
                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF SELLER

          Seller hereby additionally covenants, promises and agrees as follows:

          Section 6.1  Conduct Pending Closing.  Prior to consummation of the
                       -----------------------                               
     Transactions contemplated hereby or the termination or expiration of this
     Agreement pursuant to its terms, unless Buyer shall otherwise consent in
     writing, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and
     except for actions taken pursuant to Assumed Contracts, or which arise from
     or are related to the anticipated transfer of the Transferred Assets, the
     conduct or resolution of the Unusual Proceedings or effectuation of ongoing

                                      -79-
<PAGE>
 
     compliance programs, or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement or
     disclosed in Schedule 6.1 or another Schedule to this Agreement, Seller
                  ------------                            
     shall, and shall cause the Subsidiaries to:

               (a)  Conduct the business represented by, and otherwise deal
     with, the Transferred Assets only in the usual and ordinary course,
     materially consistent with practices followed prior to the execution of
     this Agreement;

               (b)  Use reasonable efforts to keep intact the Transferred Assets
     and the business they represent and to preserve relationships beneficial to
     such business that doctors, patients, Payors, suppliers, employees and
     others have with the Facilities;

               (c)  Except as required by their terms, not amend, terminate,
     renew, fail to renew or renegotiate any material contract, except in the
     ordinary course of business and consistent with practices of the recent
     past, or default (or take or omit to take any action that, with or without
     the giving of notice or passage of time, would constitute a default) in any
     of its obligations under any such contracts, that would be an Assumed
     Contract as of the date hereof;

               (d)  Not (i) sell, lease, transfer or dispose of, or make any
     contract for the sale, lease, transfer or disposition of, any assets or
     properties which would be included in the Transferred Assets in an amount
     in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate (other than sales in the ordinary
     course of business); (ii) incur, assume, guaranty, or otherwise become
     liable in respect of any indebtedness for money borrowed which would result
     in Buyer assuming such liability hereunder after the Closing; (iii)
     purchase or make any contract for the purchase of a material amount of
     assets or properties which would be included in the Transferred Assets
     (other than purchases in the ordinary course of business and other than
     capital expenditures within the aggregate thresholds set forth in clause
     (v) below); (iv) accelerate or delay the purchase of Inventory, or the
     payment of amounts due to or from the Subsidiaries in a manner inconsistent
     with past practice; (v) make any new commitments which would require an
     expenditure of more than $50,000 in the aggregate other than in the
     ordinary course of business; (vi) encumber or voluntarily subject to any
     lien any Transferred Asset (except for Permitted Encumbrances); or (vii)
     assign or transfer accounts receivable to collection agencies in a manner
     inconsistent with past practice.

                                      -80-
<PAGE>
 
               (e)  Maintain in force and effect the insurance policies
     identified in Section 3.26(b);
                   --------------- 

               (f)  Not enter into any contract or amendment of a contract that,
     had such contract or amendment been entered into prior to the date hereof,
     would have been included on Schedule 2.1(f), unless Buyer has failed to
                                 ---------------                            
     disapprove of such contract or amendment in a written notice to Seller
     given within two (2) business days of Seller's written notice to Buyer of
     such contract or amendment accompanied by a copy thereof, provided that
                                                               --------     
     Buyer's disapproval of such contract or amendment shall not be
     unreasonable, and provided further that any contract entered into in
                       --------                                          
     violation of this Section 6.1(f) shall be subject to the provisions of
                       --------------                                      
     Section 2.18;
     ------------ 

               (g)  Not grant any general or uniform increase in the rates of
     pay or benefits to Retained Employees (or a class thereof) or any increase
     in salary or benefits of any chief executive or financial officer of any
     Facility, except for compensation previously agreed to prior to the date
     hereof; or

               (h)  Subject to Section 6.3, not take any action which would
                               -----------                                 
     cause any of Seller's representations and warranties set forth in Article 3
                                                                       ---------
     to be false as of the relevant Scheduled Closing;

     provided that nothing in this Section shall (i) obligate Seller or any
     --------                                                              
     Subsidiary to make expenditures other than in the ordinary course of
     business and consistent with practices of the recent past or to otherwise
     suffer any economic detriment, (ii) preclude Seller from paying, prepaying
     or otherwise satisfying any liability which, if outstanding as of a Closing
     Date, would be an Assumed Liability or an Excluded Liability, (iii)
     preclude Seller from incurring any liabilities or obligations to any third
     party in connection with obtaining such party's consent to any transaction
     contemplated by this Agreement or the Related Agreements provided such
                                                              --------     
     liabilities and obligations under this clause (iii) shall be Excluded
                                            ------------                  
     Liabilities pursuant to Section 2.4(h) hereof if not approved in advance by
                             --------------                                     
     Buyer (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), or (iv) preclude
     Seller from instituting or completing any program designed to promote
     compliance or comply with Laws or other good business practices respecting
     the Facilities.

                                      -81-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 6.2  Access and Information; Environmental Survey; Remediation
                       ---------------------------------------------------------
     or Adjustment.
     ------------- 

               (a)  Subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.6
                                                             -----------
     respecting confidentiality and provided that Buyer has complied with each
     and every provision thereof, Seller shall, and shall cause the Subsidiaries
     to, afford Buyer, and the counsel, accountants and other representatives of
     Buyer, reasonable access, throughout the period from the date hereof to the
     relevant Closing Date, to the Transferred Assets and the employees,
     personnel and medical staff associated therewith and all the properties,
     books, contracts, commitments, Cost Reports and records respecting the
     Transferred Assets (regardless of where such information, may be located)
     which Seller has or to which it has access.  Such access shall be afforded
     to Buyer after no less than 24 hours prior written notice, during normal
     business hours and only in such manner so as not to disturb patient care or
     to interfere with the normal operations of the Facilities; provided,
                                                                -------- 
     however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to the provisions
     concerning nondisclosure set forth in Section 5.6, without first obtaining
                                           -----------                         
     the written consent of Mr. Donald Thayer which consent shall not be
     unreasonably withheld, neither Buyer nor its counsel, accountants and other
     representatives shall tour or visit the Facilities or contact any of the
     employees, personnel or medical staff thereof; and provided further that
                                                        --------             
     until the first to occur of the Termination Date or the Final Closing,
     under no circumstances shall Buyer directly or indirectly solicit the
     employment of any employees of Seller or its Subsidiaries, except as Hired
     Employees pursuant to the terms hereof or except as may be permitted with
     the prior written consent of a responsible officer of Seller.  Seller's
     covenants under this Section are made with the understanding that Buyer
     shall use all such information in compliance with all Laws.  The foregoing
     notwithstanding, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Buyer's access to the
     books and records of the Transferred Assets shall not include access to,
     and Seller shall not have any obligation to deliver to Buyer, any
     information concerning any alleged dispute or any pending litigation,
     investigation or proceeding involving Seller or its Affiliates that is
     protected by or subject to the attorney-client privilege, or the disclosure
     of which is restricted by an agreement entered into in connection with such
     dispute, litigation, investigation or proceeding or an order entered by any
     court, or (in the case of the Unusual Proceedings) certain non-public
     information; moreover, Buyer shall not have access to patient or employee
     records or any other records the disclosure of which would be prohibited by
     any Law, accreditation standards, or rule or agreement (express or implied)
     of

                                      -82-
<PAGE>
 
     confidentiality, except that Buyer may be granted access to such records to
     the extent they are appropriately redacted and in conformity with such
     other reasonable procedures as may be required to conform to any such
     requirements of Law, accreditation standards or rule or agreement of
     confidentiality.

               (b)  Seller has provided to Buyer copies of an environmental
     survey conducted with respect to each of the Facilities (the "Environmental
                                                                   -------------
     Survey").  The Environmental Survey was conducted by an environmental
     ------                                                               
     consulting firm or firms (the "Consultant") in accordance with applicable
                                    ----------                                
     professional standards in effect at the time the Environmental Survey was
     conducted and such reasonable procedures as were determined by Seller.  In
     the event of a disagreement between Buyer and Seller concerning the
     procedures employed by the Consultant, Buyer may at Buyer's expense employ
     a separate environmental consultant to conduct such procedures requested by
     Buyer (subject to Seller's prior approval of such procedures, which shall
     not unreasonably be withheld), and the findings of the Buyer's
     Environmental consultant shall be included as an addendum to the
     Environmental Survey.  The results of any such Environmental Survey shall
     be delivered to and owned by Seller, and all proceedings in connection with
     the Environmental Survey and the results thereof shall be subject to the
     confidentiality provisions of Section 5.6.  Buyer acknowledges and agrees
                                   -----------                                
     that the Environmental Survey is and shall be only an initial "Phase I"
     environmental site assessment.  If subsequently determined by Seller, the
     Consultant and the Buyer, to be necessary or prudent to conduct sampling,
     laboratory analyses, or additional investigation work at any of the
     Facilities, Seller shall direct the Consultant to undertake a further
     "Phase II" investigation involving additional investigation and appropriate
     sampling and laboratory analyses respecting such Facilities the results of
     which are to be included in the Environmental Survey.  In any "Phase II"
     investigation, Seller shall give Buyer no less than 24 hours' notice before
     the Consultant enters onto any Facility, and the "Phase II" Environmental
     Survey shall be conducted so as not to interfere with the normal operation
     of the Facilities.  Buyer shall be permitted to have one of its employees
     or agents present during all inspections of, and sample gatherings
     (including borings) from the soil or any floor tile, insulation or other
     internal component of, a Facility and shall be entitled to split samples
     upon Buyer's request.  In the event that Buyer considers it necessary to
     conduct any "Phase II" investigation work that Seller refuses to order,
     Buyer may at Buyer's expense employ a separate environmental consultant to
     conduct such "Phase II" investigation work at least thirty (30) days before
     the First Closing.

                                      -83-
<PAGE>
 
     Buyer shall give Seller no less than 24 hours' notice before Buyer's
     environmental consultant enters onto any Facility, and any such "Phase II"
     work performed by Buyer's environmental consultant shall be conducted so as
     not to interfere with the normal operations of the Facilities. Seller shall
     be permitted to have one of its employees or agents present during all
     inspections of and sample gatherings (including borings) from the soil or
     any floor tile, insulation, or other internal component of a Facility
     performed by Buyer's environmental consultant and shall be entitled to
     split samples upon Seller's request. Buyer shall be liable for any repairs
     or other costs required to correct damage to the Facilities resulting from
     such "Phase II" investigation. The findings of any Phase II investigation
     prepared by Buyer's environmental consultant shall be included as an
     addendum to the Environmental Survey. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller
     may elect not to permit Buyer to conduct a "Phase II" investigation through
     its own environmental consultant, in which case Buyer can exclude the
     affected Facility, and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities
     respecting such Facility from the Transactions, in which case the parties
     shall negotiate in good faith an equitable adjustment to the Purchase
     Price, or if they cannot agree upon the same, such adjustment shall be
     determined in accordance with Section 2.14.
                                   ------------ 

               (c)  With respect to any matters disclosed by such Environmental
     Survey or listed on Schedule 3.16 that would constitute a breach of
                         -------------                                  
     Seller's warranties in Section 3.16, but for the qualifications to such
                            ------------                                    
     warranties based on Seller's knowledge or disclosures in the Environmental
     Survey or on such Schedule 3.16, Seller will at its election, either (i)
                       -------------                                         
     clean up or otherwise remediate such matters in a reasonable manner prior
     to the Closing Date related to such Facility, at its expense; or (ii) agree
     in writing prior to the Closing Date to reimburse Buyer for the costs
     specified in such written agreement of such reasonable clean-up or
     remediation incurred by Buyer after the Closing Date related to such
     Facility, and to promptly reimburse Buyer after Buyer incurs such expenses
     subsequent to the Closing Date related to such Facility; or (iii) elect to
     exclude the affected Facility, and Transferred Assets and Assumed
     Liabilities respecting such Facility, from the Transactions, in which case
     the parties shall negotiate in good faith an equitable adjustment to the
     Purchase Price, or if they cannot agree upon the same, such adjustment
     shall be determined in accordance with Section 2.14; provided, however,
                                            ------------  --------          
     that in no case will Seller be required to remove or otherwise remediate
     (or bear the costs of same) any Hazardous Materials used as construction
     materials in structures or improvements constituting the Facilities, or in
     equipment contained therein, unless the current condition 

                                      -84-
<PAGE>
 
     of such Hazardous Materials has resulted in either: (i) noncompliance with
     any Environmental Law or License issued pursuant to an Environmental Law;
     or (ii) an unreasonable hazard to human health, human safety or the
     environment.

          Section 6.3  Updating.  Seller shall notify Buyer of any changes or
                       --------                                              
     additions to any of Seller's Schedules to this Agreement with respect to a
     particular Facility or the Transferred Assets or Assumed Liabilities
     related thereto by the delivery of updates thereof, if any, as of a
     reasonably current date prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing not later
     than three (3) business days prior to the Scheduled Closing with respect to
     such Subject Transferred Assets, provided, however, that the Financial
                                      --------                             
     Schedule shall not be updated to cover any period or periods subsequent to
     the respective dates thereof.  No such updates made pursuant to this
     Section shall be deemed to cure any breach of any representation or
     warranty made in this Agreement, unless Buyer specifically agrees thereto
     in writing, nor shall any such notification be considered to constitute or
     give rise to a waiver by Buyer of any condition set forth in this
     Agreement.

          Section 6.4  No Solicitation.  Seller will not, and shall cause the
                       ---------------                                       
     Subsidiaries not to, and will use its best efforts to cause its and their
     officers, employees, agents and representatives (including any investment
     banker) not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, encourage or initiate any
     discussions with, or, subject to fiduciary duties to shareholders,
     negotiate or otherwise deal with, or provide any information to, any
     corporation, partnership, person or other entity or group, other than Buyer
     and its officers, employees and agents, concerning any sale of or similar
     transactions involving the Transferred Assets or the stock of the
     Subsidiaries.  None of the foregoing shall prohibit providing information
     to others in a manner in keeping with the ordinary conduct of Seller's or
     the Subsidiaries' businesses.  Seller shall notify Buyer promptly of any
     inquiry, proposal or offer received by Seller concerning the sale of or
     similar transactions involving the Transferred Assets or the stock of the
     Subsidiaries.  Subject to the foregoing, in the exercise of its
     aforementioned fiduciary duties to shareholders, Seller may terminate this
     Agreement on written notice to Buyer, which termination shall have the
     effect set forth in Section 10.2, provided that upon consummation prior to
                         ------------  --------                                
     the first anniversary of this Agreement of any transaction or transactions
     with one or more third parties covering substantially all of the
     Transferred Assets, Seller shall be obligated to pay Buyer the sum of
     Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000), and provided further that the 
                                                --------         
     payment of such sum shall be

                                      -85-
<PAGE>
 
     deemed to constitute liquidated damages in lieu of any and all other
     liability of Seller and the Subsidiaries to Buyer and the Buyer
     Subsidiaries in connection with or related to or arising from this
     Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or in connection with or
     related to or arising from the termination hereof.

          Section 6.5  Name Changes.  To the extent that the corporate names of
                       ------------                                            
     any of the Subsidiaries incorporate or are substantially similar to the
     Transferred Business Names, Seller agrees to cause the Subsidiaries
     promptly after the relevant Scheduled Closing to take all action necessary
     to change such names so as not to incorporate or be substantially similar
     to the Transferred Business Names.

          Section 6.6  Filing of Cost Reports.  Seller shall cause to be
                       ----------------------                           
     prepared and timely filed all Cost Reports and all other filings which are
     required to be filed with Medicare and any other cost-based Payors with
     respect to the operations of the Facilities for any and all periods ending
     on or prior to a relevant Closing Date.  Seller and the Subsidiaries shall
     retain all rights to any amounts receivable from Medicare or other Payors
     with respect to such reports or filings or with respect to such periods
     and, as between Buyer, on the one hand, and Seller and Subsidiaries, on the
     other, shall remain obligated for all amounts due Medicare or such other
     Payors with respect to such reports or filings or with respect to such
     periods, and the parties hereby acknowledge and agree that Buyer is not
     being assigned or otherwise receiving and is not hereby assuming any of the
     same.  Seller's rights shall include, without limitation, the right to
     dispute or to appeal any determinations relating to such reports.

          Section 6.7  Purchase of Supplies.  Buyer may request Seller or its
                       --------------------                                  
     Affiliates to permit Facilities transferred at such Scheduled Closing to
     participate in specified national purchasing contracts of Seller or its
     Affiliates for a fee to be agreed upon.  If Buyer wishes to enter into such
     an agreement with Seller, it shall notify Seller no later than five (5)
     days prior to such Scheduled Closing, and at the Scheduled Closing the
     parties shall execute a Purchasing Contract substantially in the form of
     Exhibit D hereto.  Schedule 6.7 lists all of the national purchasing
     ---------          ------------                                     
     contracts of Seller and its Affiliates in effect as of the date thereof
     which do not preclude participation by persons which are not Affiliates of
     Seller.

          Section 6.8  Covenant Not to Compete.
                       ----------------------- 

                                      -86-
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  Covenant.  Subject to the further provisions of this Section
                    --------                                             -------
     6.8, during the "Covenant Period" (as defined in Section 6.8(d)), none of
     ---                                              --------------          
     the Subsidiaries, Seller or any other subsidiaries of Seller in which
     Seller owns a majority of the voting interests (collectively, "Covered
                                                                    -------
     Parties") shall, directly or indirectly (whether through a majority-owned
     -------                                                                  
     subsidiary or otherwise), in any Specified Capacity (as defined in this
     Section 6.8), engage in the business of delivering mental health or alcohol
     -----------                                                                
     or substance abuse services through the operation of a hospital or
     otherwise, including without limitation through the delivery of inpatient,
     partial hospitalization, residential or outpatient services (as limited by
     the provisions of Section 6.8(b), a "Competing Business").  For purposes
                       --------------     ------------------                 
     hereof, the term "Specified Capacity" shall mean, subject to Section
                       ------------------                         -------
     6.8(b), each of the following capacities:

                    (i)  As an operator, manager or sole owner of the Competing
          Business, whether directly or indirectly;

                    (ii)  As a constituent partner, joint venturer or equity
          shareholder of an entity engaged in the Competing Business if the
          voting equity interest held is greater than 10% of all voting equity
          interests in such entity;

                    (iii)  As a lender of money to, or a guarantor of
          indebtedness for money borrowed by, any other entity engaged in a
          Competing Business in a principal amount in excess of $1,000,000,
          except for (A) loans or guarantees made in the ordinary course of
          business and not as an investment in such entity; (B) loans or
          guarantees made or entered into in connection with the sale of a
          Competing Business by a Covered Party; or (C) loans represented by
          publicly traded instruments.

               (b)  Exceptions.  The provisions of this Section 6.8 shall not
                    ----------                          -----------          
     apply to and shall not prohibit the following:

                    (i)  Psychiatric Facilities and Contracts Not Acquired By
                         ----------------------------------------------------
          Buyer.  The conduct of a Competing Business from any facility
          -----                                                        
          (including renovations and expansions thereof) at which a Covered
          Party, in any Specified Capacity, primarily engages in a Competing
          Business as of the Final Closing, or pursuant to any contract
          (including modifications, extensions and renewals thereof) under which
          a Covered Party, in any Specified Capacity, engages in a 

                                      -87-
<PAGE>
 
          Competing Business as of the Final Closing, if (A) such facility,
          contract or Specified Capacity is not acquired or assumed by Buyer or
                                            ---   
          a Buyer Subsidiary pursuant to this Agreement, or (B) such facility,
          contract or Specified Capacity, is, after the Final Closing,
          reacquired by a Covered Party from Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary
          pursuant to this Agreement;

                    (ii)  Facilities Outside Geographic Area.  The conduct of a
                          ----------------------------------                   
          Competing Business from any location that is not within twenty-five
          (25) miles of a Facility (not including satellite locations) that (A)
          was acquired by Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary pursuant to this
          Agreement, and (B) at the time in question, is still owned, operated
          or managed by Buyer or by a person or entity which, directly or
          indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with
          Buyer (Facilities meeting the requirements of both clauses (A) and (B)
                                                                     ---     ---
          being herein referred to as "Covered Facilities");
                                       ------------------   

                    (iii)  Acute Hospitals.  The conduct of a Competing Business
                           ---------------                                      
          from or through any hospital, commonly referred to as an acute care
          hospital, that is licensed to provide general medical and surgical
          services, including related facilities that operate on the same campus
          as, or under the auspices of, such acute care hospital (such hospitals
          and related facilities being herein referred to as "Acute Hospitals"),
                                                              ---------------   
          including the provision of management services to an Acute Hospital,
          provided that the conduct of any Competing Business from or through a
          -------------                                                        
          Specified Acute Hospital or an Acquired Acute Hospital (as each such
          term is defined in Section 6.8(c)) shall be subject to the further
                             --------------                                 
          provisions of Section 6.8(c);
                        -------------- 

                    (iv)  Divestiture of Acquired Psychiatric Facilities.  Other
                          ----------------------------------------------        
          than an Acquired Acute Hospital, the conduct of a Competing Business
          in a Specified Capacity first acquired by any Covered Party after the
          date hereof as part of the acquisition of interests in healthcare
          assets other than the Competing Business, provided that no Covered
                                                    -------------           
          Party engages in such Competing Business after the expiration of
          twelve (12) months from such acquisition and no such Competing
          Business is expanded during such twelve (12) month period, except for
          expansions for which regulatory approval exists, or for which capital
          expenditures have been undertaken or are in process, or which are
          required by existing contracts (together, "Permitted Expansions"); or
                                                     ---------------------      

                                      -88-
<PAGE>
 
                    (v)  Acquiring Entities.  The conduct of a Competing
                         ------------------                             
          Business for, on behalf of, or by (A) any entity that is not a Covered
          Party that acquires majority ownership or substantially all the assets
          of a Covered Party after the date hereof, (B) any entity that is not a
          Covered Party that acquires a Competing Business from a Covered Party
          after the date hereof, (C) any surviving entity (other than a Covered
          Party) of a consolidation, merger, reorganization or spinoff (each, a
          "Reorganization") involving a Covered Party as a result of which
           --------------                                                 
          shareholders directly or indirectly owning a majority of such Covered
          Party immediately before such Reorganization do not own a majority of
          such surviving entity immediately after such Reorganization, or (D)
          any majority-owned subsidiary of any such acquiring or surviving
          entity that is not a Covered Party.

               (c)  Acute Hospital Affiliations.  With respect to an Acute
                    ---------------------------                           
     Hospital listed on Schedule 6.8(c) (a "Specified Acute Hospital"), and
                        ---------------     ------------------------       
     except as set forth below, the exception provided by Section 6.8(b)(iii)
                                                          -------------------
     above shall apply but only to the extent such Specified Acute Hospital
     conducts a Competing Business (including Permitted Expansions, the
     "Exempted Competing Business") on the Scheduled Closing Date with respect
     -----------------------------                                            
     to the Facility shown on Schedule 6.8(c) as the Specified Acute Hospital's
                              ---------------                                  
     "Affiliation Facility."  On and after such Scheduled Closing Date, a
     Specified Acute Hospital shall not expand its services or its Competing
     Business beyond the Exempted Competing Business except in accordance with,
     and subject to, clauses (i) through (iii) below.  With respect to any Acute
                     -----------         -----                                  
     Hospital acquired by a Covered Party after the date of this Agreement and
     which is within twenty (20) miles of a Covered Facility (an "Acquired Acute
                                                                  --------------
     Hospital"), the exception provided by Section 6.8(b)(iii) shall apply but
     --------                              -------------------                
     only to the extent of such Acquired Acute Hospital's Exempted Competing
     Business on the date the acquisition of such Acquired Acute Hospital is
     consummated (the "Acquisition Date").  On and after such Acquisition Date,
                       ----------------                                        
     an Acquired Acute Hospital shall not expand its services or its Competing
     Business beyond the Exempted Competing Business except in accordance with,
     and subject to, clauses (i) through (iii) below.
                     -----------         -----       

                    (i)  Seller or its relevant Affiliate must first provide
          Buyer notice that it proposes to expand its services or Competing
          Business beyond the Exempted Competing Business, and shall briefly
          describe the nature and scope of the expanded Competing Business in
          which it proposes to engage.  Within thirty (30) days following its

                                      -89-
<PAGE>
 
          receipt of such notice, Buyer shall cause (A) the Affiliation Facility
          with respect to a Specified Acute Hospital (as noted in Schedule
                                                                  --------
          6.8(c)) to offer the Specified Acute Hospital the opportunity to enter
          ------                                                                
          into an affiliation agreement with its Affiliation Facility, or (B)
          the closest Covered Facility with respect to an Acquired Acute
          Hospital to offer the Acquired Acute Hospital the opportunity to enter
          into an affiliation agreement.  All affiliation agreements must be on
          customary industry terms, pursuant to which the relevant Covered
          Facility will agree to provide all services comprising the expanded
          Competing Business to Payors and patients of, and to subscribers or
          other participants in services or programs provided by, the Acute
          Hospital at the Covered Facility's usual and customary prices, terms
          and conditions which the parties shall negotiate expeditiously and in
          good faith.  The term of the affiliation agreement shall be for the
          Covenant Period for such Specified or  Acquired Acute Hospital and
          shall give the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute Hospital, as
          the case may be, the right to extend the agreement for two successive
          one-year periods.

                    (ii)  The Covered Facility must have the capacity to provide
          the desired services in a quantity and manner comparable to the
          quantity and manner in which such services are proposed to be provided
          by the Specified or Acquired Acute Hospital.

                    (iii)  The entry into such affiliation agreement by the
          Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute Hospital, and the
          performance thereof by the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute
          Hospital (including, without limitation, the failure to provide such
          Competing Business by the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute
          Hospital) will not violate or conflict with, or cause a default under,
          the terms of any License, accreditation standard or Payor contract to
          which the Specified Acute Hospital or Acquired Acute Hospital is then
          subject.

     If the terms and conditions set forth in clause (i) through (iii) (other
                                              ----------         -----       
     than the first sentence of clause (i)) are not met as to the expanded
                                ----------                                
     Competing Business of a Specified or Acquired Acute Hospital, the exception
     provided by Section 6.8(b)(iii) above shall apply to such expanded
                 -------------------           
     Competing Business of such Specified or Acquired Acute Hospital.

                                      -90-
<PAGE>
 
               (d)  Covenant Period.  The term of the covenant (the "Covenant
                    ---------------                                  --------
     Period") set forth in Section 6.8(a) shall expire on the third anniversary
     ------                --------------                                      
     of the Final Closing, except (i) as to a Specified Acute Hospital, the
     covenant shall expire on the earlier of the third anniversary of the Final
     Closing or the date on which such Specified Acute Hospital's Affiliation
     Facility is no longer a Covered Facility, and (ii) as to an Acquired Acute
     Hospital, the covenant shall expire on the earlier of the third anniversary
     of the Final Closing or the second anniversary of the Acquisition Date for
     such Acquired Acute Hospital.

               (e)  Severability.  To the extent that this covenant or any
                    ------------                                          
     provision of this Section 6.8 shall be deemed illegal or unenforceable by a
                       -----------                                              
     court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction with respect to (i) any
     geographic area, (ii) any part of the time period covered by this covenant,
     (iii) any activity or Specified Capacity covered by this covenant, or (iv)
     any other aspect of this covenant, such determination shall not affect this
     covenant with respect to any other geographic area, time period, activity
     or other aspect covered by this covenant.

               (f)  Injunctive Relief.  Each of the parties to this Agreement
                    -----------------                                        
     acknowledges that (i) the covenant and restrictions contained in this
                                                                          
     Section 6.8 are necessary, fundamental and required for the protection of
     -----------                                                              
     the business of Buyer and its operation (through the Buyer Subsidiaries) of
     the Facilities; (ii) this covenant relates to matters which are of a
     special character and which give this covenant a special value; and (iii) a
     breach of the covenant contained in this Section 6.8 will result in
                                              -----------               
     irreparable harm and damages to Buyer and Buyer Subsidiaries which cannot
     be adequately compensated for by a monetary award.  Accordingly, it is
     expressly agreed that in addition to all other remedies available in law or
     in equity, Buyer and Buyer Subsidiaries shall be entitled to the remedy of
     a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or such other form of
     injunctive or equitable relief as may be issued by any court of competent
     jurisdiction to restrain or enjoin a Covered Party from breaching this
     covenant or any provision of this Section 6.8 or otherwise to specifically
                                       -----------                             
     enforce the provisions of this covenant.


               (g)  Value:  The parties agree that the value of the covenant
                    -----                                                   
     contained in this Section 6.8 is the value assigned to it in Section 2.5
                       -----------                                -----------
     and that each will account for and report the value of such covenant in
     accordance with such valuation and all of the terms and provisions of
                                                                          
     Section 2.7.
     ----------- 

                                      -91-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 6.9  Audited Statements.  Prior to and after any relevant
                       ------------------                                  
     Scheduled Closing, Seller shall make the books and records (other than
     those protected by or subject to the attorney-client privilege) and
     unaudited financial statements of the Subsidiaries which are related to the
     Facilities and are for periods prior to such Scheduled Closing available to
     Buyer and Buyer's and Seller's independent accountants at reasonable times
     and in a manner so as to not unduly interfere with Seller's operations, and
     otherwise cooperate with Buyer in order to permit an audit of the
     Subsidiaries' financial statements for periods prior to such Scheduled
     Closing.  Seller shall reasonably cooperate in assisting Buyer in obtaining
     and preparing all necessary information for the timely filing of any
     documents required to be filed by Buyer under the Securities Exchange Act
     of 1934 related to the transactions contemplated hereby.  Without limiting
     the effect of Section 5.5 of this Agreement, the audit and the out-of-
     pocket costs of Seller's cooperation in obtaining and preparing any
     information (including, without limitation, all services of Seller's
     independent accountants rendered in connection therewith) will be paid for
     by Buyer.

          Section 6.10  Post-Closing Insurance.  Seller for five years after the
                        ----------------------                                  
     Final Closing, shall maintain its existing comprehensive general liability
     and hospital professional liability insurance coverages with respect to the
     Facilities for all periods prior to the Closing in substantially their
     present form as described on Schedule 3.26(b) (the "Insurance Program"),
                                  ----------------       -----------------   
     provided that (a) Seller shall have the right to reduce (but not increase
     beyond $2,000,000 per occurrence) the existing deductible under the
     Insurance Program and (b) shall have the right to cancel or terminate, or
     have cancelled or terminated, the coverages under the Insurance Program so
     long as Seller acquires (from (i) its present insurance company or (ii)
     another reasonably acceptable insurance company under a reasonably
     acceptable policy) an extended discovery period of not less than five years
     after any such cancellation or termination for periods prior to the Final
     Closing.  Such Insurance Program, if maintained, shall be maintained at
     Seller's expense, and if such Insurance Program is maintained Seller shall
     cause Buyer and each Buyer Subsidiary to be named as an additional
     insured with respect to the applicable Facility and Seller shall provide
     Buyer with copies thereof and copies of renewals prior to the expiration of
     the prior policy or policies.  Seller shall use commercially reasonable
     efforts to avoid invalidating the insurance policies referred to in this
     Section 6.10.
     ------------ 

          Section 6.11  Use of Controlled Substance Licenses.  To the extent
                        ------------------------------------                
     permitted by Law, Buyer shall have the right, for a period not to exceed

                                      -92-
<PAGE>
 
     sixty (60) days following a relevant Scheduled Closing, to operate under
     the Licenses of the Subsidiaries relating to controlled substances and the
     operation of pharmacies, until Buyer is able to obtain such Licenses for
     itself.  Seller shall cause the pertinent Subsidiaries to execute and
     deliver to Buyer any powers of attorney and other instruments which Buyer
     or the appropriate governmental agency may reasonably require in connection
     with Buyer's use of such Licenses.  Buyer acknowledges that it shall apply
     for all such Licenses as soon as reasonably possible before or after the
     relevant Scheduled Closing and diligently pursue such applications in
     accordance with Section 5.1.
                     ----------- 

          Section 6.12  Non-Disturbance Agreements.  Seller hereby agrees to
                        --------------------------                          
     exercise its reasonable commercial efforts, prior to the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, to obtain from each existing mortgagee of each Facility identified
     below a non-disturbance agreement providing in substance that in the event
     the lessor or sublessor of such Facility defaults in its obligations to the
     mortgagee respecting indebtedness existing at the relevant Scheduled
     Closing and as a result thereof the mortgagee forecloses upon, exercises a
     power of sale or otherwise succeeds to the ownership of such property, then
     and in such event, such foreclosure or other change in ownership shall not
     terminate or affect the validity of the Real Property Lease respecting such
     Facility assigned to Buyer hereunder, provided that Buyer hereby agrees
                                           -------------                    
     that, in connection with Seller's obtaining any such non-disturbance
     agreement, Buyer will execute such reasonable agreements in favor of such
     mortgagee confirming the attornment of Buyer to such mortgagee or its
     assigns, and subordinating the Real Property Lease to the interest of such
     mortgagee, under such circumstances.  In the event that Seller shall be
     unable to obtain any such non-disturbance agreement and the lessor's or
     sublessor's default under indebtedness existing at the relevant Scheduled
     Closing results in the termination of any such Real Property Lease prior to
     the expiration of the current term and any renewal terms available in the
     Real Property Lease as of the relevant Scheduled Closing, then Seller shall
     indemnify Buyer, in accordance with the provisions of Section 11.3(a)(ii),
                                                           -------------------
     for Losses arising therefrom but not in excess of the portion of the
     Purchase Price allocated to such Facility in the Allocation Schedule,
     provided that Buyer shall provide Seller with notice of any such default or
     -------------
     claimed default by the lessor or sublessor reasonably promptly following
     Buyer's receipt of any notice or knowledge respecting same. The Facility
     and Real Property Lease to which this Section shall apply is the Real
     Property Lease respecting the hospital numbered as Facility No. 50.

                                      -93-
<PAGE>
 
                                   ARTICLE 7
                         ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF BUYER

          Section 7.1  Waiver of Bulk Sales Law Compliance.  Subject to the
                       -----------------------------------                 
     indemnification provisions of Section 11.3(a)(iii) hereof, Buyer hereby
                                   --------------------                     
     waives compliance by Seller and the Subsidiaries with the requirements, if
     any, of Article 6 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in force in any state
     in which Transferred Assets are located and all other similar laws
     applicable to bulk sales and transfers.

          Section 7.2  Resale Certificate.  Buyer agrees to furnish to Seller
                       ------------------                                    
     and the Subsidiaries any resale certificate or certificates or other
     similar documents reasonably requested by Seller to comply with pertinent
     sales and use tax laws.

          Section 7.3  Cost Reports and Audit Contests.  After each Scheduled
                       -------------------------------                       
     Closing and for the period of time necessary to conclude any pending or
     potential audit or contest of any Cost Reports with respect to the
     Facilities transferred at such Scheduled Closing that include periods
     ending on or before the relevant Closing Date, Buyer shall (a) properly
     keep and preserve all financial books and records delivered to Buyer by
     Seller and the Subsidiaries (if any) and utilized in preparing such Cost
     Reports, including, without limitation, accounts payable invoices, Medicare
     logs and billing information in accordance with Section 5.7, and (b) within
                                                     -----------                
     five (5) days of Buyer's receipt of the same, forward to Seller all
     information received from Payors relating to periods prior to and as of the
     relevant Closing Date including, without limitation, Cost Report
     Settlements, notices of program reimbursements, demand letters for payment
     and proposed audit adjustments.  Upon reasonable written notice by Seller,
     Seller (or its agents) shall be entitled, at Seller's expense, during
     regular business hours, to have access to, inspect and make copies of all
     such books and records.  Upon the reasonable request of Seller, Buyer shall
     assist Seller and the Subsidiaries in obtaining information deemed by
     Seller to be necessary or desirable in connection with any audit or contest
     of such reports.  To the extent required to meet its obligations under this
     Section, Buyer shall provide the reasonable support of its employees at no
     cost to Seller.

          Section 7.4  Tax Matters.  After each Scheduled Closing, Buyer shall
                       -----------                                            
     be responsible for causing its employees, at no cost to Seller, to assist
     Seller and the Subsidiaries, in the same manner and to the extent that
     personnel of the Facilities currently provide such assistance, in the

                                      -94-
<PAGE>
 
     preparation and filing of all returns relating to taxes imposed upon the
     businesses operated through the Transferred Assets that relate to periods
     ending on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing but are due after the
     relevant Closing Date and that are not related to Taxes included in the
     Assumed Liabilities, including without limitation, income tax and
     information returns.  It is further acknowledged by Buyer that Taxes
     (including, without limitation, the Florida indigent care tax) imposed upon
     the right or privilege to do business from the Facilities after the Closing
     shall be Buyer's responsibility even if measured by gross receipts, net
     operating revenues or patient days for a period ending on, before or
     including a Closing Date and that Taxes included in Accrued Operating
     Expenses shall be only those properly accruable, in accordance with
     generally accepted accounting principles, for the right or privilege of
     doing business through the relevant Closing Date.  Buyer further agrees to
     exercise its reasonable commercial efforts to have the income tax year of
     any venture or partnership referred to in Section 2.1(c) terminated as of
                                               --------------                 
     the relevant Scheduled Closing with respect to the pertinent Subsidiary or
     Subsidiaries transferring its interests therein.

          Section 7.5  Letters of Credit.  Subject to the terms and conditions
                       -----------------                                      
     hereof, at the relevant Scheduled Closing, Buyer shall cause letters of
     credit and indemnity or performance bonds to be provided to substitute for
     those letters of credit and bonds listed in Schedule 7.5, so that at and as
                                                 ------------                   
     of such Scheduled Closing Seller and its Affiliates shall have no further
     obligation to provide such designated letters of credit or bonds.

          Section 7.6  Conduct Pending Closing.  Prior to consummation of the
                       -----------------------                               
     Transactions contemplated hereby or the termination or expiration of this
     Agreement pursuant to its terms, unless Seller shall otherwise consent in
     writing, Buyer shall not, and shall not permit any Buyer Subsidiary to,
     take any action which would cause any of Buyer's representations and
     warranties set forth in Article 4 to be false as of the relevant Scheduled
                             ---------                                         
     Closing.

          Section 7.7  Securities Offerings.  Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify
                       --------------------                                   
     and hold harmless Seller and each of its Affiliates, in accordance with the
     provisions of Section 11.4(a)(ii), against any and all Losses, as incurred,
                   -------------------                                          
     arising out of the offer or sale by Buyer of securities, except to the
     extent that such Loss arises from any untrue statement or alleged untrue
     statement of a material fact contained in any such securities offering
     materials or prospectus used by Buyer or its representatives, or from the
     omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary to make
     the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
     made, not misleading, which untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
     or 

                                      -95-
<PAGE>
 
     alleged omission is made in reliance upon and in conformity with written
     information furnished to Buyer by Seller under a cover letter from Seller's
     counsel stating that such information is expressly for use in such offering
     materials or prospectus.

                                   ARTICLE 8
                         BUYER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

          The obligations of Buyer to consummate the Transactions with respect
     to a Facility and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related
     thereto shall be subject to the requirements of Section 2.13 and to the
                                                     ------------           
     fulfillment at or prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing of the following
     conditions, unless Buyer waives in writing such fulfillment:

          Section 8.1  Performance of Agreement.  Seller shall have performed in
                       ------------------------                                 
     all material respects its agreements and obligations contained in this
     Agreement required to be performed on or prior to the Scheduled Closing.

          Section 8.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.  The
                       ------------------------------------------      
     representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 3 of this
                                                           ---------        
     Agreement shall be true in all respects as of the date of this Agreement
     (unless the inaccuracy or inaccuracies which would otherwise result in a
     failure of this condition have been cured by the Scheduled Closing) and as
     of the Scheduled Closing (as updated by the revising of Schedules
     contemplated by Section 6.3) as if made as of such time, except where
                     -----------                                          
     such inaccuracy or inaccuracies would not individually or in the aggregate
     result in a Material Adverse Effect on the Facility in question.

          Section 8.3  Officers' Certificate.  Buyer shall have received from
                       ---------------------                                 
     Seller an officers' certificate, executed on Seller's behalf by its chief
     executive officer, president, chief financial officer or treasurer (in his
     or her capacity as such) dated the Closing Date and stating that to the
     knowledge of such individual, the conditions in Sections 8.1 and 8.2 above
                                                     ------------     ---      
     have been met.

          Section 8.4  Consents.  The waiting period under the HSR Act shall
                       --------                                             
     have expired or been terminated, and, subject to the provisions of Section
                                                                        -------
     2.12,  all approvals, consents, authorizations and waivers from
     ----                                                           
     governmen-

                                      -96-
<PAGE>
 
     tal and accreditation agencies the absence of which would render
     Buyer unable to operate the facility in the manner operated prior to such
     Scheduled Closing, and all approvals, consents, authorizations and waivers
     from other third parties to the extent shown on the Schedule of Required
     Consents (collectively "Consents") required for Buyer to consummate the
                             --------                                       
     Transactions with respect to such Facility, shall have been obtained,
     except that a Consent from a third party to the sale and assignment of a
     Transferred Asset, such as a Medicare or Medicaid provider agreement, or
     the assumption of an Assumed Liability with respect thereto, shall not
     constitute a condition to Buyer's consummation of the Transactions with
     respect to a Facility if such sale, assignment or assumption may lawfully
     be made subject to a customary condition subsequent that the Consent be
     obtained from the third party based upon determinations of such third
     party, including without limitation needs surveys or evaluations of Buyer,
     to be completed after the Scheduled Closing.  As to each of the Real
     Property Leases listed on the Schedule of Required Consents, Buyer shall
     have received an estoppel certificate, identifying the lease and stating
     that such lease is in full force and effect, that the lessee under such
     lease is current in all of its obligations under such lease and that the
     lessor is not aware of any default by lessee under such lease.

          Section 8.5  Absence of Injunctions.  There shall be no:
                       ----------------------                     

               (a) Injunction, restraining order or order of any nature issued
     by any court of competent jurisdiction or governmental agency which directs
     that the Transactions related to such Facility contemplated hereby shall
     not be consummated as herein provided or compels or would compel Buyer to
     dispose of or discontinue, or materially restrict the operations of,
     such Facility or any significant portion of the Transferred Assets with
     respect thereto as a result of the consummation of the Transactions
     contemplated hereby;

               (b) Suit, action or other proceeding by any governmental agency
     pending before any court, governmental agency or non-governmental, self-
     regulatory organization, or threatened (pursuant to a written
     notification), wherein such complainant seeks the restraint or prohibition
     of the consummation of the Transactions related to such Facility or asserts
     the illegality of the Transactions related to such Facility; or

               (c) Action taken, or law enacted, promulgated or deemed
     applicable to the Transactions related to such Facility, by any
     governmental 

                                      -97-
<PAGE>
 
     agency which would render consummation of such Transactions
     illegal or which would threaten the imposition of any penalty or material
     economic detriment upon Buyer if such Transactions were consummated;

     provided that:
     -------- ---- 

               (i)  The parties will use their reasonable efforts to litigate
     against, or to obtain the lifting of, any such injunction, restraining or
     other order, restraint, prohibition, action, suit, law or penalty;

               (ii)  In the event that (A) the "First Closing" has occurred
     under the First Facilities Agreement, (B) there is such a pending or
     threatened suit, action, proceeding, injunction, restraining order or other
     order, made, sought, issued, initiated or obtained by a governmental agency
     in respect of Transactions contemplated to occur at the Final Closing under
     this Agreement, and (C) on or prior to the original Termination Date for
     such Final Closing, the parties and such agency have entered into a written
     agreement which would resolve such controversy but such agreement is
     subject to final agency approval that has not been obtained on or prior to
     the fifth business day before the original Termination Date for the Final
     Closing, then and in such events the original Termination Date for the
     Final Closing shall be extended to the fifth business day following such
     final agency approval if the date of such approval is within five (5)
     business days of the end of a month or the original Termination Date for
     the Final Closing shall be extended to the end of the month in which such
     approval is obtained if the date of such approval is not within five (5)
     business days of the end of a month, but in no event shall the original
     Termination Date for the Final Closing be extended for more than three (3)
     calendar months from the original Termination Date; and

               (iii)  Clauses (a) through (c) above notwithstanding, the effect
                              ---         ---                                  
     of any such event, action or suit shall be to exclude the affected Facility
     from the Scheduled Closing and, if such Facility is not transferred in a
     subsequent Closing, to adjust the Purchase Price pursuant to the Allocation
     Schedule.


          Section 8.6  Opinion of Counsel.  Buyer shall have received, on and as
                       ------------------                                       
     of the Closing Date, an opinion of Mr. Scott Brown, general counsel to
     Seller, substantially as to the matters set forth in Sections 3.1, 3.2,
                                                          ------------  --- 
     3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6 and 3.14, subject to customary conditions and
     ---  ---  ---  ---     ----                                     
     limitations.

                                      -98-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 8.7  Title to Real Property.  Title to Transferred Assets
                       ----------------------                              
     related to the Facility comprised of interests in real property shall have
     been evidenced by the willingness of Chicago Title Insurance Company (or an
     Affiliate thereof) (the "Title Insurer") to issue at regular rates ALTA (or
                              -------------                                     
     the local equivalents thereof) owner's, or lessee's, as the case may be,
     extended coverage policies of title insurance (1990 Form B) (the "Title
                                                                       -----
     Policies"), with the survey exception removed, in amounts equal to the
     --------                                                              
     respective portions of the Purchase Price allocated to such interests,
     showing title to such interests in such real property vested in Buyer
     subject to transfer of such interest to Buyer.  Each such Title Policy
     shall be free of exceptions relating to (i), except for Title Policies
     respecting Facilities located in Texas, any claim which arises out of the
     transaction vesting in Buyer the estate or interest insured by the Title
     Policy, by reason of the operation of federal bankruptcy, state insolvency
     or similar creditors's rights laws, and (ii) rights of the United States of
     America, and the state in which the real property covered by the Title
     Policy is located, or either or them, to recover any federal funds advanced
     as provided in the Hill-Burton Act, 42 U.S.C (S)(S) 291 et. seq.  Such
     Title Policies shall additionally be free of all other exceptions,
     including other standard exceptions, other than the following:

               (a)  A lien or liens to secure payment of real estate taxes, not
     delinquent;

               (b)  Exceptions, other than those listed on Schedule 8.7(b),
                                                           --------------- 
     disclosed by current standard ALTA Preliminary Title Reports, delivered
     to and approved (except as shown on Schedule 8.7(b)) by Buyer prior to the
                                         ---------------                       
     date hereof (as indicated by Buyer's signature of approval appended
     thereto) together with copies of all documents underlying the exceptions
     contained therein; and

               (c)  Other possible minor matters that in the aggregate are not
     substantial in amount and do not materially detract from or interfere with
     the present or intended use of such real property, including such minor
     matters as may be disclosed by surveys taken after the date hereof.

     The willingness of the Title Insurer to issue the Title Policies shall be
     evidenced either by the issuance thereof at the relevant Scheduled Closing
     or the written commitments or binders, dated as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, of the Title Insurer to issue such Title Policies within a
     reasonable time after the relevant Closing Date, subject to actual transfer
     of the real 

                                      -99-
<PAGE>
 
     property in question.  If the Title Insurer is unwilling to
     issue any such Title Policy, it shall be required to provide Buyer and
     Seller, in writing, notice setting forth the reason(s) for such
     unwillingness on or before the relevant Closing Date.  Seller shall have
     the right to seek to cure any defect which is the reason for such
     unwillingness, and, if such notice by the Title Insurer is given less than
     ten (10) business days prior to the then Scheduled Closing, then the
     relevant Closing Date (and, to the extent necessary, the Termination Date)
     shall be extended for a period of up to ten (10) business days to provide
     to Seller such opportunity to cure.  In the event that, despite Seller's
     efforts to cure, the Title Insurer remains unwilling to issue any such
     Title Policy on the Final Closing Date (as may be extended as provided
     herein), then, at the election of Buyer, and without affecting the other
     conditions of the parties to consummation of the Transactions, such real
     property interests not covered by such a Title Policy shall not be included
     in the Transferred Assets and shall be deemed to be Excluded Assets, and
     liabilities associated therewith that would otherwise be Assumed
     Liabilities shall be deemed to be Excluded Liabilities; and Buyer and
     Seller shall negotiate in good faith prior to the Final Closing Date an
     adjustment in the Purchase Price based on the Allocation Schedule.  If the
     parties cannot agree upon such adjustment, then the disagreement shall be
     resolved in accordance with Section 2.14.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
                                 ------------                                 
     Buyer may accept such title to any such interests as the pertinent
     Subsidiary may be able to convey, and such title insurance with respect to
     the same as the Title Insurer is willing to issue, in which case such
     interests shall be conveyed as part of the Transferred Assets without
     reduction of the Purchase Price or any credit or allowance against the same
     and without any other liability on the part of Seller or the Subsidiaries.

          Section 8.8  Receipt of Other Documents.  Buyer shall have received
                       --------------------------                            
     the following:

               (a)  Certified copies of the resolutions of Seller's and each
     relevant Subsidiary's board of directors respecting this Agreement, the
     Related Agreements and the Transactions, together with certified copies of
     any shareholder resolutions which are necessary to approve the execution
     and delivery of this Agreement and any  Agreements and/or the performance
     of the obligations of Seller and the Subsidiaries hereunder and thereunder;

                                     -100-
<PAGE>
 
               (b)  Certified copies of Seller's and each relevant Subsidi-ary's
     Charter Documents, together with a certificate of the corporate secretary
     of each that none of such documents have been amended;

               (c)  One or more certificates as to the incumbency of each
     officer of Seller or of any Subsidiary who has signed the Agreement, any
     Related Agreement or any certificate, document or instrument delivered
     pursuant to the Agreement or any Related Agreement;

               (d)  Good standing certificates for Seller and each of the
     relevant Subsidiaries from the Secretaries of State of their respective
     states of incorporation, dated as of a date not earlier than fifteen (15)
     business days prior to the relevant Closing Date;

               (e)  Copies of all third party and governmental consents, permits
     and authorizations that Seller or any Subsidiary has received in connection
     with the Agreement, the Related Agreements and the Transactions to occur at
     the relevant Scheduled Closing; and

               (f)  Certificates of non-foreign status in the form required by
     Section 1445 of the Code duly executed by Seller and the relevant
     Subsidiaries.

          Section 8.9  Licenses and Permits.  The Buyer shall have obtained any
                       --------------------                                    
     and all authorizations, approvals and consents in connection with acquiring
     Licenses that will permit it to operate the Facility after the
     relevant Scheduled Closing substantially as operated by the relevant
     Subsidiary immediately prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing.

          Section 8.10  Casualty; Condemnation.
                        ---------------------- 

               (a)  Casualty.  If any part of the Transferred Assets related to
                    --------                                                   
     the Facility are damaged, lost or destroyed (whether by fire, theft,
     vandalism or other casualty) in whole or in part prior to the relevant
     Scheduled Closing, and the fair market value of such damage or destruction
     is less than thirty percent (30%) of the allocated portion of the Purchase
     Price for such Facility set forth in the Allocation Schedule, Seller shall,
     at its option, either (i) reduce the Purchase Price by the fair market
     value of the assets destroyed, such value to be determined as of the date
     immediately prior to such destruction or, as the case may be, by the
     estimated cost to restore damaged assets, (ii) provided that the proceeds
     are obtainable 

                                     -101-
<PAGE>
 
     without delay and are sufficient to fully restore the damaged assets, upon
     the relevant Scheduled Closing transfer the proceeds or the rights to the
     proceeds of applicable insurance to Buyer, and Buyer may restore the
     improvements, or (iii) repair or restore such damages or destroyed
     improvements. If any part of the Transferred Assets related to the Facility
     are damaged, lost or destroyed (whether by fire, theft, vandalism or other
     cause or casualty) in whole or in part prior to the relevant Scheduled
     Closing and the fair market value of such damages is greater than thirty
     percent (30%) of such allocated portion of the Purchase Price, Buyer may
     elect either to (i) require Seller upon the relevant Scheduled Closing to
     transfer the proceeds (or the right to the proceeds) of applicable
     insurance to Buyer and Buyer may restore the improvements, or (ii)
     terminate this Agreement with respect to the damaged assets or Facility
     only, with a reduction in the Purchase Price determined as follows. The
     reduction in Purchase Price shall be mutually determined by Buyer and
     Seller on the basis of the Allocation Schedule, or if the Buyer and Seller
     fail to agree, then such reduction shall be determined in accordance with
     Section 2.14.
     ------------ 

               (b)  Condemnation.  From the date hereof until the relevant
                    ------------                                          
     Scheduled Closing, in the event that any portion of the Transferred Assets
     related to the Facility becomes subject to or is threatened with any
     condemnation or eminent domain proceedings (except for an immaterial
     portion), then Buyer, at its sole option, may elect to terminate this
     Agreement with respect only to that part which is condemned or
     threatened to be condemned with a reduction in the Purchase Price
     determined as provided in Section 8.10(a).
                               --------------- 

          Section 8.11  Reasonable Assurances.  There shall not have been any
                        ---------------------                                
     actions taken by the United States government to indicate that it is
     reasonably likely that either the Unusual Proceedings or any proceeding,
     investigation, claim or lawsuit relating thereto, in each case relating to
     periods prior to the relevant Scheduled Closing, (a) shall be applied to or
     be expanded to include an assertion against Buyer or the applicable Buyer
     Subsidiaries with respect to their operation of the Facility after the
     relevant Scheduled Closing, or (b) would be the basis of any investigation
     or proceeding to exclude Buyer or the applicable Buyer Subsidiaries from
     participation in any government healthcare program with respect to the
     operations of the Facility after the relevant Scheduled Closing, or (c)
     would result in the Transferred Assets being subjected to forfeiture under
     18 U.S.C. (S)1961-1966 or otherwise.

                                     -102-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 8.12  Certain Events.  During the thirty (30) days preceding
                        --------------                                        
     the date of the relevant Scheduled Closing, there shall not have occurred
     or be continuing (a) any  suspension of trading on the New York Stock
     Exchange or material governmental restrictions (not in force on the date
     hereof) on trading in securities generally, or (b) any banking moratorium
     declared by Federal, California or New York authorities, or (c) any
     material disruption of or any material adverse change in the financial,
     banking or capital markets, or (d) any outbreak or material escalation of
     hostilities affecting the United States of America or other calamity, panic
     or crisis, the effect of which on the financial markets of the United
     States in each case described in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, is
     that lending institutions have generally ceased providing funding for
     transactions of the size contemplated hereby, provided that the occurrence
                                                   --------                    
     of such event shall operate only to delay the Scheduled Closing (and extend
     the Termination Date, if necessary) until the tenth day following the date
     upon which lending institutions generally have resumed providing funding
     for transactions of the size contemplated hereby and that such delay may
     not extend the original Termination Date for more than sixty (60) days,
     after which time there shall be deemed to be a failure of this condition.

                                   ARTICLE 9
                         SELLER'S CONDITIONS TO CLOSING


          The obligations of Seller to consummate the Transactions with respect
     to a Facility and the Transferred Assets and Assumed Liabilities related
     thereto shall be subject to the fulfillment at or prior to the relevant
     Scheduled Closing of the following conditions, unless Seller waives in
     writing such fulfillment:

          Section 9.1  Performance of Agreement.  Buyer shall have performed in
                       ------------------------                                
     all material respects its agreements and obligations contained in this
     Agreement required to be performed on or prior to the Scheduled Closing.

          Section 9.2  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties.  The
                       ------------------------------------------      
     representations and warranties of Buyer set forth in Article 4 of this
                                                          ---------        
     Agreement shall be true in all material respects as of the date of this
     Agreement (unless the inaccuracy or inaccuracies which would otherwise
     result in a failure of this condition have been cured by the Scheduled
     Closing) and as of the Scheduled Closing as if made as of such time.

                                     -103-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 9.3  Officers' Certificate.  Seller shall have received from
                       ---------------------                                  
     Buyer an officers' certificate, executed on Buyer's behalf by its chief
     executive officer, president, chief financial officer or treasurer (in his
     or her capacity as such) dated the Closing Date and stating that to the
     actual knowledge of such individual, the conditions in Sections 9.1 and 9.2
                                                            ------------     ---
     above have been met.

          Section 9.4  Consents.  The waiting period under the HSR Act shall
                       --------                                             
     have expired or been terminated, and, subject to the provisions of Section
                                                                        -------
     2.12, all Consents required for Seller to consummate the Transactions with
     ----                                                                      
     respect to such Facility shall have been obtained, except that a Consent
     from a third party to the sale and assignment of a Transferred Asset, such
     as a Medicare or Medicaid provider agreement, or the assumption of an
     Assumed Liability with respect thereto, shall not constitute a condition to
     Seller's consummation of the Transactions with respect to such Facility if
     such sale, assignment or assumption may lawfully be made subject to a
     customary condition subsequent that the Consent be obtained from the third
     party based upon determinations of such third party, including without
     limitation needs surveys or evaluations of Buyer, to be completed after the
     Scheduled Closing, whether or not such third party indicates prior to the
     Scheduled Closing that any such Consent is likely or not likely to be
     given.


          Section 9.5  Absence of Injunctions.  There shall be no:
                       ----------------------                     

               (a) Injunction, restraining order or order of any nature issued
     by any court of competent jurisdiction or governmental agency which directs
     that the Transactions related to such Facility contemplated hereby shall
     not be consummated as herein provided;

               (b)  Suit, action or other proceeding by any governmental agency
     pending before any court, governmental agency or non-governmental, self-
     regulatory organization, or threatened (pursuant to a written
     notification), wherein such complainant seeks the restraint or prohibition
     of the consummation of the Transactions related to such Facility or asserts
     the illegality of the Transactions related to such Facility; or

               (c)  Action taken, or law enacted, promulgated or deemed
     applicable to the Transactions related to such Facility, by any
     governmental agency which would render consummation of such Transactions
     illegal or which would threaten the imposition of any penalty or material
     economic 

                                     -104-
<PAGE>
 
     detriment upon Seller or the Subsidiaries if such Transactions were 
     consummated;

     provided that:
     -------- ---- 

               (i)  The parties will use their reasonable efforts to litigate
     against, or to obtain the lifting of, any such injunction, restraining or
     other order, restraint, prohibition, action, suit, law or penalty;

               (ii)  In the event that (A) the "First Closing" has occurred
     under the First Facilities Agreement, (B) there is such a pending or
     threatened suit, action, proceeding, injunction, restraining order or other
     order, made, sought, issued, initiated or obtained by a governmental agency
     in respect of Transactions contemplated to occur at the Final Closing under
     this Agreement, and (C) on or prior to the original Termination Date for
     such Final Closing, the parties and such agency have entered into a written
     agreement which would resolve such controversy but such agreement is
     subject to final agency approval that has not been obtained on or prior to
     the fifth business day before the original Termination Date for the Final
     Closing, then and in such events the original Termination Date for the
     Final Closing shall be extended to the fifth business day following such
     final agency approval if the date of such approval is within five (5)
     business days of the end of a month or the original Termination Date for
     the Final Closing shall be extended to the end of the month in which such
     approval is obtained if the date of such approval is not within five (5)
     business days of the end of a month, but in no event shall the original
     Termination Date for the Final Closing be extended for more than three (3)
     calendar months from the original Termination Date; and

               (iii)  Clauses (a) through (c) above notwithstanding, the effect
                              ---         ---                                  
     of any such event, action or suit shall be to exclude the affected Facility
     from the Scheduled Closing and, if such Facility is not transferred in a
     subsequent Closing, to adjust the Purchase Price pursuant to the Allocation
     Schedule.


          Section 9.6  Opinion of Counsel.  Seller shall have received, on and
                       ------------------                                     
     as of the Closing Date, an opinion of King & Spalding, counsel to Buyer,
     substantially as to the matters set forth in Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4,
                                                  ------------  ---  ---  --- 
     and 4.5, subject to customary conditions and limitations.
         ---                                                  

                                     -105-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 9.7  Receipt of Other Documents.  Seller shall have received
                       --------------------------                             
     the following:

               (a)  Certified copies of the resolutions of Buyer's and each
     relevant Buyer Subsidiary's board of directors respecting this Agreement,
     the Related Agreements and the Transactions;

               (b)  Certified copies of Buyer's and each relevant Buyer
     Subsidiary's Charter Documents, together with a certificate of Buyer's and
     each Buyer Subsidiary's corporate secretary that none of such documents
     have been amended;

               (c)  One or more certificates as to the incumbency of each
     officer of Buyer who has signed the Agreement, any Related Agreement, or
     any certificate, document or instrument delivered pursuant to the Agreement
     or any Related Agreement;

               (d)  Good standing certificates for Buyer and for each relevant
     Buyer Subsidiary from the Secretaries of State of their respective states
     of incorporation, dated as of a date not earlier than fifteen (15) business
     days prior to the relevant Closing Date;

               (e)  Copies of all third party and governmental consents, permits
     and authorizations that Buyer has received in connection with the
     Agreement, the Related Agreements and the Transactions; and

               (f) A certificate of Buyer executed on its behalf by the Chief
     Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Buyer stating that to
     the best of their knowledge and belief, specifying in reasonable detail
     their basis for same, after giving effect to the Transactions, neither
     Buyer nor any relevant Buyer Subsidiary is insolvent or will be rendered
     insolvent by obligations incurred in connection therewith, or will be left
     with unreasonably small capital with which to engage in their businesses,
     or will have incurred obligations beyond their respective abilities to
     perform the same as and when due.

                                   ARTICLE 10
                                  TERMINATION

          Section 10.1  Termination.  Any Transactions contemplated hereby that
                        -----------                                            
     have not been consummated may be terminated:

                                     -106-
<PAGE>
 
               (a)  At any time, by mutual written consent of Seller and Buyer;
     or

               (b)  By either Buyer or Seller upon written notice to the other
     party, if (i) the relevant Scheduled Closing shall not have occurred by its
     Termination Date; or (ii)(A) in the case of termination by Seller, the
     conditions set forth in Section 2.13 and Article 9 for the relevant
                             ------------     ---------                 
     Scheduled Closing cannot reasonably be met by its Termination Date or
     Seller has terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.4, and (B) in
                                                      -----------            
     the case of termination by Buyer, the conditions set forth in Section 2.13
                                                                   ------------
     and Article 8 for the relevant Scheduled Closing cannot reasonably be met
         ---------                                                            
     by its Termination Date, unless in either of the cases described in clauses
                                                                         -------
     (A) or (B), the failure of the condition is the result of the material
     ---    ---                                                            
     breach of this Agreement by the party seeking to terminate.  The
     Termination Date for the First Closing shall be September 1, 1994, unless
     on or prior to such date there has been a "First Closing" under the First
     Facilities Agreement, in which case, the Termination Date for all Closings
     under this Agreement shall be September 30, 1994.  Each such date, or such
     later date as may be specifically provided for in this Agreement (including
     any date arising under the operation of Sections 8.5(c)(ii) and 9.5(c)(ii)
                                             -------------------     ----------
     hereof) or agreed upon by the parties, is herein referred to as the
     "Termination Date."
      ----------------  

     Each party's right of termination hereunder is in addition to any other
     rights it may have hereunder or otherwise.

          Section 10.2  Effect of Termination.  If there has been a termination
                        ---------------------                                  
     pursuant to Section 10.1 prior to the First Closing, then this Agreement
                 ------------                                                
     shall be deemed terminated, and all further obligations of the parties
     hereunder shall terminate, except that the obligations set forth in
                                                                        
     Sections 5.5 and 5.6 and in Articles 11 and 12 shall survive.  In the event
     ------------     ---        -----------     --                             
     of termination of this Agreement as provided above, there shall be no
     liability on the part of a party to another under and by reason of this
     Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby except as set forth in
                                                                             
     Article 11 and except for intentionally fraudulent acts by a party, the
     ----------                                                             
     remedies for which shall not be limited by the provisions of this
     Agreement.  In the event of a termination after the First Closing, then all
     further obligations of the parties respecting Transactions that have not
     been consummated shall terminate, except that the obligations set forth in
     Sections 5.5 and 5.6 and in Articles 11 and 12 shall survive, and there
     ------------     ---        -----------     --                         
     shall be no liability on the part of a party to another in respect of such
     unconsummated Transactions except as set forth in Article 11 and except for
                                                       ----------               
     intentionally fraudulent acts by a party, 

                                     -107-
<PAGE>
 
     the remedies for which shall not be limited by this Agreement. The
     foregoing provisions shall not, however, limit or restrict the availability
     of specific performance or other injunctive or equitable relief to the
     extent that specific performance or such other relief would otherwise be
     available to a party hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE 11
                     SURVIVAL AND REMEDIES; INDEMNIFICATION

          Section 11.1  Survival.  Except as may be otherwise expressly set
                        --------                                           
     forth in this Agreement, the representations, warranties, covenants and
     agreements of Buyer and Seller set forth in this Agreement, or in any
     writing required to be delivered in connection with this Agreement, shall
     survive the Scheduled Closings and the consummations of the Transactions.

          Section 11.2  Exclusive Remedy.  Absent intentional fraud or unless
                        ----------------                                     
     otherwise specifically provided herein, the sole exclusive remedy for
     damages of a party hereto for any breach of the representations, warran-
     ties, covenants and agreements of the other party contained in this
     Agreement and the Related Agreements shall be the remedies contained in
     this Article 11.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
          ----------                                                     
     matters associated with any of the Owned Real Properties or Leased Real
     Properties involving environmental contamination or noncompliance with any
     applicable Environmental Law, if the First Closing occurs, nothing in this
                                                                               
     Article 11 shall limit or restrict a party's rights or remedies against, or
     ----------                                                                 
     obligations to, another party or any third party arising under any
     Environmental Law, if such matter (a) was in existence on or prior to the
     relevant Scheduled Closing, (b) was not identified in the Environmental
     Survey or Schedule 3.16 (or an update thereto pursuant to Section 6.3), (c)
               -------------                                   -----------      
     was unknown to Seller or any Subsidiary as of the relevant Scheduled
     Closing, and (d) would not constitute a breach of Seller's warranties in
                                                                             
     Section 3.16.
     ------------ 

          Section 11.3  Indemnity by Seller.
                        ------------------- 

               (a)  Seller shall indemnify Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries and
     hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, suits,
     loss, liability, damage and expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees
     and costs of investigation, litigation, settlement and judgment
     (collectively "Losses"), which they may sustain or suffer or to which they
                    ------                                                     
     may become subject as a result of:

                                     -108-
<PAGE>
 
                    (i)  The inaccuracy of any representation or the breach of
          any warranty made by Seller herein or by Seller or a Subsidiary in a
          Related Agreement, provided, that any such inaccuracy or breach shall
                             --------                                          
          be determined without regard to any qualification of such
          representation or warranty relating to materiality or any Material
          Adverse Effect;

                    (ii)  The nonperformance or breach of any covenant or
          agreement made or undertaken by Seller in this Agreement or by Seller
          or a Subsidiary in a Related Agreement; and

                    (iii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the failure of Seller
          or any Subsidiary to pay, discharge or perform as and when due, any of
          the Excluded Liabilities (including, without limitation, the Excluded
          Liabilities enumerated in Sections 2.4(c), (d), (e) and (g), and any
                                    ---------------  ---  ---     ---         
          Losses as a result of or in connection with the failure
          of Seller and the Subsidiaries to comply with any Bulk Sales Laws
          referred to in Section 7.1).
                         -----------  

               (b)  The indemnification obligations of Seller provided above
     shall, in addition to the qualifications and conditions set forth in
                                                                         
     Sections 11.5 and 11.6, be subject to the following qualifications:
     -------------     ----                                             

                    (i)  Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries shall not be entitled
          to indemnity under Subsection (a)(i) above (except for claims arising
                             -----------------                                 
          under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.7) unless:
                ------------  ---  ---     ---         

                         (A)  Written notice to Seller of such claim specifying
               the basis thereof is made, or an action at law or in equity with
               respect to such claim is served, before the second anniversary of
               the earlier to occur of the relevant Closing Date or the date on
               which this Agreement is terminated, as the case may be;

                         (B)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the Losses
               sustained or suffered by Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries or to
               which they may be subject as a result of circumstances described
               in such Subsection (a)(i) and in Section 11.3(a)(i) of the First
                       -----------------        ------------------             
               Facilities Agreement exceed, in the aggregate, the sum of Three
               Million Dollars ($3,000,000) (the "Trigger Amount"), in which
                                                  --------------            
               case Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries 

                                     -109-
<PAGE>
 
               shall be entitled only to recover the amount by which such
               aggregate Losses exceed Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) (the
               "Deductible Amount"), provided, however, that individual claims
               ------------------    --------
               of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000) or less shall not be aggregated
               for purposes of calculating either the Trigger Amount, the
               Deductible Amount or the excess of Losses over the Deductible
               Amount;

                         (C)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, in no event shall
               Seller be liable to Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries under
                                                                         
               Subsection (a)(i) for Losses in the nature of consequential
               -----------------                                          
               damages, lost profits, damage to reputation or the like, but such
               damages shall be limited to out-of-pocket Losses and diminution
               in value; and

                         (D)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, in no event shall
               Seller be liable to Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries under
                                                                         
               Subsection (a)(i) of this Agreement and under Section 11(a)(i) of
               ----------------                              ---------------    
               the First Facilities Agreement for amounts which, in the
               aggregate, exceed the sum of (x) that portion of the Purchase
               Price paid pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of this Agreement and
                                      --------------                      
               pursuant to Section 2.5(a) of the First Facilities Agreement for
                           -------------                                       
               assets actually acquired and (y) the amount paid pursuant to the
               penultimate sentence of Section 2.5 of this Agreement and
                                       -----------                      
               pursuant to the penultimate sentence of Section 2.5(a) of the
                                                       --------------       
               First Facilities Agreement; provided that in the event Buyer and
                                           --------                            
               the Buyer Subsidiaries make claims in the aggregate for Losses
               with respect to a Facility that exceed seventy-five percent (75%)
               of the portion of the Purchase Price allocated to such Facility
               in the Allocation Schedule, then substantially concurrently with
               the making of such claim or claims, Buyer shall cause such
               Facility to be offered in writing for resale to Seller at a cash
               price equal to such allocated portion of the Purchase Price less
               amounts, if any, previously paid by Seller to Buyer with respect
               to Buyer's claims for Losses with respect to such Facility and on
               an "as is, where is" basis, in which case:

                         (1)  Seller shall have thirty (30) days to accept such
                    offer in writing;

                                     -110-
<PAGE>
 
                         (2)  If Seller accepts such offer, it shall have one
                    hundred fifty (150) days to close such transaction;

                         (3)  At the closing of such transaction, Buyer shall
                    cause all of the right, title and interest of its Affiliates
                    in such Facility and related assets to be conveyed to Seller
                    (or a designee of Seller) in the same condition of title as
                    the Facility and related assets were originally sold,
                    assigned, transferred and conveyed by Seller and the
                    Subsidiaries hereunder, and Seller (or such designee) shall
                    assume disclosed operating liabilities of the Facility of
                    the same types as the Assumed Liabilities provided that if
                                                              --------        
                    the dollar amount of such liabilities exceeds the dollar
                    amount of the Assumed Liabilities respecting such Facility
                    originally assumed by Buyer hereunder, then there shall be a
                    dollar-for-dollar reduction in the purchase price payable by
                    Seller (or its designee) to the extent of such excess; and

                         (4)  Simultaneous with such closing, Buyer and the
                    Buyer Subsidiaries shall release Seller from further
                    liability under Subsection (a)(i) for Losses with respect to
                                    -----------------                           
                    such Facility.

                    (ii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, Buyer and the Buyer
          Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to indemnity under Subsections
                                                                -----------
          (a)(ii)-(iii) above except for out-of-pocket Losses actually suffered
          -------------                                                        
          or sustained by them or to which they may become subject as a result
          of circumstances described in such Subsections (a)(ii)-(iii), and such
                                             -------------------------          
          indemnity shall not include Losses in the nature of consequential
          damages, lost profits, diminution in value, damage to reputation or
          the like; except that the provisions of this clause (b)(ii) shall not
                                                              -------          
          apply to breaches of Sections 5.6 and 6.8, provided that the liability
                               ------------     ---  --------                   
          of Seller and the Subsidiaries for breaches of such Sections shall be
          subject to the provisions of Subsection (b)(i)(D) above and that the
                                       --------------------                   
          liability of Seller and the Subsidiaries for breaches of such Sections
          shall be aggregated with the liability of Seller under Subsection
                                                                 ----------
          (a)(i) for purposes of Subsection (b)(i)(D).
          ------                 -------------------- 

                                     -111-
<PAGE>
 
                    (iii)  Seller shall have no liability for Losses arising
          from the breach of any warranty related to Net Book Values, including
          without limitation the warranties contained in Sections 3.17 and 3.18,
                                                         -------------     ---- 
          and no such Losses shall be applied against the Trigger Amount or the
          Deductible Amount or the excess of Losses over the Deductible Amount,
          it being agreed that the liability of the Seller with respect to Net
          Book Values, if any, shall be resolved in accordance with the
          provisions of Sections 2.6(a), (b) and (c).
                        ---------------  ---     --- 

          Section 11.4  Indemnity by Buyer.
                        ------------------ 

               (a)  Buyer shall indemnify Seller and the Subsidiaries and hold
     Seller and the Subsidiaries harmless from and against any and all Losses
     which they may sustain or suffer or to which they may become subject as a
     result of:

               (i)  The inaccuracy of any representation or the breach of any
          warranty made by Buyer herein or by Buyer or a Buyer Subsidiary in a
          Related Agreement, provided that any such inaccuracy or breach shall
                             --------                                         
          be determined without regard to any  qualification of such
          representation or warranty relating to materiality or any Material
          Adverse Effect;

                    (ii)  The nonperformance or breach of any covenant or
          agreement made or undertaken by Buyer in this Agreement or by Buyer or
          a Buyer Subsidiary in a Related Agreement;

                    (iii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the failure of Buyer
          to pay, discharge or perform as and when due, any of the Assumed
          Liabilities; and

                    (iv)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the ongoing operations
          of Buyer and the Transferred Assets after the relevant Closing Date,
          including but not limited to the continuation or performance by Buyer
          after the relevant Closing Date of any agreement or practice of the
          Seller or the Subsidiaries.

               (b)  The indemnification obligations of Buyer provided above
     shall, in addition to the qualifications and conditions set forth in
     Sections 11.5 and 11.6, be subject to the following qualifications:
     -------------     ----                                             

                                     -112-
<PAGE>
 
                    (i)  Seller and the Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to
          indemnity under Subsection (a)(i) above (except for claims under
                          -----------------                               
          Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3 and 4.7) unless:
          ------------  ---  ---     ---         

                         (A)  Written notice to Buyer of such claim specifying
               the basis thereof is made, or an action at law or in equity with
               respect to such claim is served, before the second anniversary of
               the earlier to occur of the relevant Closing Date or the date on
               which this Agreement is terminated, as the case may be;

                         (B)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, the Losses
               sustained or suffered by Seller and the Subsidiaries or to which
               they may be subject as a result of circumstances described in
               such Subsection (a)(i) and in Section 11.4(a)(i) of the First
                    -----------------        ------------------             
               Facilities Agreement exceed, in the aggregate, the Trigger
               Amount, in which case Seller and the Subsidiaries shall be
               entitled only to recover the amount by which such Losses exceed,
               in the aggregate, the Deductible Amount, provided, however,
                                                        -------- 
               that individual claims of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000) or less
               shall not be aggregated for purposes of calculating either the
               Trigger Amount, the Deductible Amount or the excess of Losses
               over the Deductible Amount; and

                         (C)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, in no event shall
               Buyer be liable to Seller and the Subsidiaries under Subsection
                                                                    ----------
               (a)(i) for Losses in the nature of consequential damages, lost
               ------                                                        
               profits, damage to reputation or the like, but such damages shall
               be limited to out-of-pocket Losses and diminution in value.

                    (ii)  If a Scheduled Closing occurs, Seller and the
          Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to indemnity under Subsections
                                                                -----------
          (a)(ii)-(iv) above except for out-of-pocket Losses actually suffered
          ------------                                                        
          or sustained by them or to which they may become subject as a result
          of circumstances described in such Subsections (a)(ii)-(iv), and such
                                             ------------------------          
          indemnity shall not include Losses in the nature of consequential
          damages, lost profits, diminution in value, damage to reputation or
          the like, except that the provisions of this clause (b)(ii) shall not
                                                              -------          
          apply to breaches of Sections 5.6 or 5.7.
                               ------------    --- 

                                     -113-
<PAGE>
 
          Section 11.5  Further Qualifications Respecting Indemnification.  The
                        -------------------------------------------------      
     right of a party (an "Indemnitee") to indemnity hereunder shall be subject
                           ----------                                          
     to the following additional qualifications:

               (a)  The Indemnitee shall promptly upon its discovery of facts or
     circumstances giving rise to a claim for indemnification, including receipt
     by it of notice of any demand, assertion, claim, action or proceeding,
     judicial, governmental or otherwise, by any third party (such third party
     actions being collectively referred to herein as "Third Party Claims"),
                                                       ------------------   
     give notice thereof to the indemnifying party (the "Indemnitor"), such
                                                         ----------        
     notice in any event to be given within sixty (60) days from the date the
     Indemnitee obtains actual knowledge of the basis or alleged basis for the
     right of indemnity or such shorter period as may be necessary to avoid
     material prejudice to the Indemnitor; and

               (b)  In computing Losses, such amounts shall be computed net of
     any related recoveries to which the Indemnitee is entitled under insurance
     policies or other related payments received or receivable from third
     parties and net of any tax benefits actually received by the Indemnitee or
     for which it is eligible, taking into account the income tax treatment of
     the receipt of indemnification.

          Section 11.6  Procedures Respecting Third Party Claims.  In providing
                        ----------------------------------------               
     notice to the Indemnitor of any Third Party Claim (the "Claim Notice"), the
                                                             ------------       
     Indemnitee shall provide the Indemnitor with a copy of such Third Party
     Claim or other documents received and shall otherwise make available to the
     Indemnitor all relevant information material to the defense of such claim
     and within the Indemnitee's possession.  The Indemnitor shall have the
     right, by notice given to the Indemnitee within fifteen (15) days after the
     date of the Claim Notice, to assume and control the defense of the Third
     Party Claim that is the subject of such Claim Notice, including the
     employment of counsel selected by the Indemnitor after consultation with
     the Indemnitee, and the Indemnitor shall pay all expenses of, and the
     Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the Indemnitor in connection with,
     the conduct of such defense.  The Indemnitee shall have the right to employ
     separate counsel in any such proceeding and to participate in (but not
     control) the defense of such Third Party Claim, but the fees and expenses
     of such counsel shall be borne by the Indemnitee unless the Indemnitor
     shall agree otherwise; provided, however, if the named parties to any such
                            --------  -------                                  
     proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the Indemnitee
     and the Indemnitor, the Indemnitor requires that the same counsel represent

                                     -114-
<PAGE>
 
     both the Indemnitee and the Indemnitor, and representation of both parties
     by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
     differing interests between them, then the Indemnitee shall have the right
     to retain its own counsel at the cost and expense of the Indemnitor.  If
     the Indemnitor shall have failed to assume the defense of any Third Party
     Claim in accordance with the provisions of this Section, then the
     Indemnitee shall have the absolute right to control the defense of such
     Third Party Claim, and, if and when it is finally determined that the
     Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification from the Indemnitor hereunder,
     the fees and expenses of Indemnitee's counsel shall be borne by the
     Indemnitor, provided that the Indemnitor shall be entitled, at its expense,
                 --------                                                       
     to participate in (but not control) such defense.  The Indemnitor shall
     have the right to settle or compromise any such Third Party Claim for which
     it is providing indemnity so long as such settlement does not impose any
     obligations on the Indemnitee (except with respect to providing releases of
     the third party). The Indemnitor shall not be liable for any settlement
     effected by the Indemnitee without the Indemnitor's consent except where
     the Indemnitee has assumed the defense because Indemnitor has failed or
     refused to do so. The Indemnitor may assume and control, or bear the costs,
     of any such defense subject to its reservation of a right to contest the
     Indemnitee's right to indemnification hereunder, provided that it gives the
                                                      --------
     Indemnitee notice of such reservation within fifteen (15) days of the date
     of the Claim Notice.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                               GENERAL PROVISIONS

          Section 12.1  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands, waivers,
                        -------                                           
     consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be
     delivered either in person, by telegraphic, facsimile or other electronic
     means, by overnight air courier or by mail, and shall be deemed to have
     been duly given and to have become effective (a) upon receipt if delivered
     in person or by telegraphic, facsimile or other electronic means, (b) one
     business day after having been delivered to an air courier for overnight
     delivery or (c) three business days after having been deposited in the
     mails as certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, all fees
     prepaid, directed to the parties or their permitted assignees at the
     following addresses (or at such other address as shall be given in writing
     by a party hereto):


          If to Seller, addressed to:

                                     -115-
<PAGE>
 
               National Medical Enterprises
               2700 Colorado Avenue
               Santa Monica, CA 90404
               Attn:  Treasurer
               Facsimile:  (310) 998-6507

     with a copy to counsel for Seller:

               National Medical Enterprises
               2700 Colorado Avenue
               Santa Monica, CA 90404
               Attn:  General Counsel
               Facsimile:  (310) 998-6956

               and

               Munger, Tolles & Olson
               355 South Grand Avenue
               35th Floor
               Los Angeles, CA 90071
               Attn: Robert L. Adler
               Facsimile: (213) 687-3702

     If to Buyer, addressed to:

               Charter Medical Corporation
               577 Mulberry St.
               Macon, GA 31298
               Attn:  Executive Vice President - Finance
               Facsimile:  (912) 751-2832

     with a copy to counsel for Buyer:

               King & Spalding
               191 Peachtree Street
               Atlanta, GA 30303-1763
               Attn:  Robert W. Miller
               Facsimile:  (404) 572-5144

          Section 12.2  Attorneys' Fees.  In any litigation or other proceeding
                        ---------------                                        
     relating to this Agreement, including litigation with respect to any
     Related 

                                     -116-
<PAGE>
 
     Agreement (but excluding any proceedings under Sections 2.6(b),
                                                    --------------- 
     2.6(c) or 2.14), the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its
     ------    -----                                                       
     costs and reasonable attorneys' fees.

          Section 12.3  Successors and Assigns.  The rights under this Agreement
                        ----------------------                                  
     shall not be assignable or transferable nor the duties delegable by either
     party without the prior written consent of the other; and nothing contained
     in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any
     person or entity, other than the parties hereto and their permitted
     successors-in-interest and permitted assignees, any rights or remedies
     under or by reason of this Agreement unless so stated to the contrary.
     Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Buyer may grant to its lenders a
     security interest in its rights under this Agreement, and (b) subject to
     the terms and provisions of Section 5.7, Buyer may assign its rights under
                                 -----------                                   
     Section 5.7 to the entities and in the circumstances described in Section
     -----------                                                       -------
     5.7(d).
     ------ 

          Section 12.4  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in one or
                        ------------                                           
     more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
     which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

          Section 12.5  Captions and Paragraph Headings.  Captions and paragraph
                        -------------------------------                         
     headings used herein are for convenience only and are not a part of this
     Agreement and shall not be used in construing it.

          Section 12.6  Entirety of Agreement; Amendments.  This Agreement
                        ---------------------------------                 
     (including the Schedules and Exhibits hereto), the other documents and
     instruments specifically provided for in this Agreement, and the First
     Facilities Agreement contain the entire understanding between the parties
     concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and such other documents
     and instruments and, except as expressly provided for herein, supersede all
     prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between them
     with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.  There are no
     representations, warranties, agreements, arrangements or understandings,
     oral or written, between the parties hereto relating to the subject matter
     of this Agreement and such other documents and instruments which are not
     fully expressed herein or therein.  This Agreement may be amended or
     modified only by an agreement in writing signed by each of the parties
     hereto.  All Exhibits and Schedules attached to or delivered in connection
     with this Agreement are integral parts of this Agreement as if fully set
     forth herein.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this
     Agreement and the First Facilities Agreement shall, upon their execution,
     replace and

                                     -117-
<PAGE>
 
     substitute for that certain Asset Sale Agreement between the parties dated
     as of March 29, 1994 related to both the First Facilities and the
     Subsequent Facilities which shall be of no further force and effect, it
     being agreed that the effectiveness of this Agreement and of the First
     Facilities Agreement shall relate back from their actual date of execution
     to and including March 29, 1994. The representations and warranties of the
     parties made herein shall likewise be deemed to have been made as of March
     29, 1994.

          Section 12.7  Construction.  This Agreement and any documents or
                        ------------                                      
     instruments delivered pursuant hereto shall be construed without regard to
     the identity of the person who drafted the various provisions of the same.
     Each and every provision of this Agreement and such other documents
     and instruments shall be construed as though the parties participated
     equally in the drafting of the same.  Consequently, the parties acknowledge
     and agree that any rule of construction that a document is to be construed
     against the drafting party shall not be applicable either to this Agreement
     or such other documents and instruments.

          Section 12.8  Waiver.  The failure of a party to insist, in any one or
                        ------                                                  
     more instances, on performance of any of the terms, covenants and
     conditions of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or
     relinquishment of any rights granted hereunder or of the future performance
     of any such term, covenant or condition, but the obligations of the parties
     with respect thereto shall continue in full force and effect.  No waiver of
     any provision or condition of this Agreement by a party shall be valid
     unless in writing signed by such party or operational by the terms of this
     Agreement.  A waiver by one party of the performance of any covenant,
     condition, representation or warranty of the other party shall not
     invalidate this Agreement, nor shall such waiver be construed as a waiver
     of any other covenant, condition, representation or warranty.  A waiver by
     any party of the time for performing any act shall not constitute a waiver
     of the time for performing any other act or the time for performing an
     identical act required to be performed at a later time.

          Section 12.9  Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed in all
                        -------------                                          
     respects, including validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws of the
     State of California, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law
     thereof, provided that the validity, interpretation and effect of any
              --------                                                    
     instruments by which real property is conveyed at a Scheduled Closing shall
     be governed by the laws of the state in which such real property is
     located.  Any action arising under this Agreement shall be adjudicated (a)
     in Los 

                                     -118-
<PAGE>
 
     Angeles, California, if brought by Buyer or its Affiliates against
     Seller, any Subsidiary or their respective Affiliates, and (b) in
     [Atlanta], Georgia, if brought by Seller or its Affiliates against Buyer,
     any Buyer Subsidiary or their respective Affiliates, provided that any
     cross-claim or counterclaim shall also be adjudicated in the court in which
     the underlying action has been brought in accordance with this Section
                                                                    -------
     12.9.
     ----

          Section 12.10  Severability.  Whenever possible, each provision of
                         ------------                                       
     this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be valid, binding
     and enforceable under applicable law, but if any provision of this
     Agreement is held to be invalid, void (or voidable) or unenforceable under
     applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent held
     to be invalid, void (or voidable) or unenforceable, without affecting the
     remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Agreement.

          Section 12.11  Consents Not Unreasonably Withheld.  Wherever the
                         ----------------------------------               
     consent or approval of any party is required under this Agreement, such
     consent or approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless such consent
     or approval is to be given by such party at the sole or absolute discretion
     of such party or is otherwise similarly qualified.

          Section 12.12  Time Is of the Essence.  Time is hereby expressly made
                         ----------------------                                
     of the essence with respect to each and every term and provision of this
     Agreement.  The parties acknowledge that each will be relying upon the
     timely performance by the other of its obligations hereunder as a material
     inducement to each party's execution of this Agreement.

                                     -119-
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement
     on the date first above written.

                              Buyer:
                              CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION


                              By __________________________

                                    Name _______________________

                                    Title ______________________


                              Seller:
                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.


                              By __________________________

                                    Name ____________________

                                    Title ___________________

                                     -120-
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT A
                                   ---------


                        BULK BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
                               (General Closing)


               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a
     Nevada corporation (the "Seller"), and each subsidiary of Seller set forth
     in Rider A hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and collectively, the
     "Subsidiaries"), pursuant to, and subject to the terms, provisions and
     conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement (Subsequent Facilities)
     dated ________________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and between Seller and
     CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Buyer"), do
     hereby sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to Buyer, its successors
     and assigns, the Transferred Assets of Seller and the Subsidiaries
     described in the Agreement, except for those Transferred Assets sold,
     conveyed, assigned, transferred or delivered by Seller or a Subsidiary to
     Buyer or to a subsidiary of Buyer pursuant to separate instruments of sale,
     conveyance, assignment, transfer or delivery, including, without
     limitation, any Facility Specific Bill of Sale and Assignment, any deed, or
     any Assignment and Assumption of Real Property Lease.

               The sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer and delivery made
     hereunder is made without warranty of any kind, except as may be provided
     in the Agreement, including the warranty of merchantability or fitness for
     any purpose.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

                                      A-1
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and each Subsidiary have executed
     this Bulk Bill of Sale and Assignment this ___ day of _________, 1994,
     effective as of the date and time specified in the Agreement.

                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.
                                For Itself And As Attorney-In-Fact
                                For The Subsidiaries Listed In Rider A


                              By: ___________________________


                              Title: ________________________

                                      A-2
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                        BULK BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
                        --------------------------------


                             (List of Subsidiaries)

                                      A-3
<PAGE>
 
                               FACILITY SPECIFIC
                          BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT

                               (Facility No. ___)

               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a
     Nevada corporation (the "Seller"), and each subsidiary of Seller set forth
     in Rider A hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and collectively, the
     "Subsidiaries"), pursuant to, and subject to the terms, provisions and
     conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement (Subsequent Facilities)
     dated __________________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and between Seller and
     CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the "Buyer"), do
     hereby sell, convey, assign, transfer and deliver to the subsidiary of
     Buyer identified in Rider A hereto (the "Buyer's Subsidiary"), its
     successors and assigns, the Transferred Assets of Seller and the
     Subsidiaries described in the Agreement that are related to the healthcare
     facilities identified in Rider A hereto (together with related outpatient
     or satellite clinics, if any, the "Facilities"), except for those
     Transferred Assets sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred or delivered by
     Seller or a Subsidiary to Buyer or to Buyer's Subsidiary pursuant to
     separate instruments of sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer or delivery,
     of even date herewith, including, without limitation, any deed, or any
     Assignment and Assumption of Real Property Lease.

               The sale, conveyance, assignment, transfer and delivery made
     hereunder is made without warranty of any kind, except as may be provided
     in the Agreement, including the warranty of merchantability or fitness for
     any purpose.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

                                      A-4
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Seller and each Subsidiary have executed
     this Facility Specific Bill of Sale and Assignment this ___ day of
     _________, 1994, effective as of the date and time specified in the
     Agreement.

                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.

                                For Itself And As Attorney-In-Fact
                                For The Subsidiaries Listed In Rider A


                              By: ___________________________


                              Title: ________________________

                                      A-5
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                 FACILITY SPECIFIC BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT
                 ---------------------------------------------


     1.  Subsidiaries of Seller:
         ---------------------- 

               ______________________________

               ______________________________

               NME Psychiatric Properties, Inc.

               NME Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.

               NME Hospitals, Inc.

     2.  Facilities:
         ---------- 

          ______________________________
          ______________________________
          ______________________________

                    Related outpatient facilities:

                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________


     3.  Buyer's Subsidiary:
         ------------------ 

               ______________________________

                                      A-6
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT B
                                   ---------

                       ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL
                                 PROPERTY LEASE

                               (Facility No. ___)


     WHEN RECORDED, MAIL TO:



               THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL PROPERTY LEASE (this
     "Assignment") is entered into as of _____________, 1994, by and between the
     undersigned assignor (the "Assignor") and the undersigned assignee (the
     "Assignee"), pursuant to that certain Asset Sale Agreement (Subsequent
     Facilities) dated __________, 1994 (the "Asset Sale Agreement"), by and
     between the parent corporation of the Assignor, National Medical
     Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Assignor's Parent"), and the
     parent corporation of the Assignee, Charter Medical Corporation, a Delaware
     corporation (the "Assignee's Parent").


                                  WITNESSETH:
                                  -----------

               WHEREAS, Assignor is the tenant under that certain real property
     lease described in Rider A attached hereto wherein Assignor leases that
     certain real property described in Rider B attached hereto (the "Real
     Property Lease"); and

               WHEREAS, Assignor desires to assign all of its right, title and
     interest under the Real Property Lease and Assignee desires to assume all
     of Assignor's obligations thereunder;

               NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

                                      B-1
<PAGE>
 
               1.  Assignment of Lease.  Assignor hereby assigns unto Assignee
                   -------------------                                        
     all of the Assignor's right, title and interest in the Real Property Lease,
     including, without limitation, any rights to renew, terminate or extend the
     term of the Real Property Lease, and any rights of first refusal respecting
     and options to purchase the leased premises that are the subject of the
     Real Property Lease.

               2.  Assumption of Real Property Lease Obligations.  Assignee and
                   ---------------------------------------------               
     Assignee's Parent, jointly and severally, do hereby assume all of the
     obligations of the Assignor under the Real Property Lease and all of the
     obligations of any guarantor of the Assignor's obligations under the Real
     Property Lease.

               3.  General Provisions.  Assignee and Assignee's Parent hereby
                   ------------------                                        
     confirm that Assignee has irrevocably appointed Assignee's Parent as its
     sole and exclusive representative, agent and attorney-in-fact with respect
     to all matters arising from or related to this Assignment.  Notices
     hereunder to the Assignor or the Assignor's Parent, or to the Assignee or
     the Assignee's Parent, as the case may be, shall be given to the Assignor's
     Parent or the Assignee's Parent, as the case may be, in accordance with the
     provisions of the Asset Sale Agreement.  The provisions of this Assignment
     shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each party hereto, the
     Assignor's Parent, any guarantor of the Assignor's obligations under the
     Real Property Lease, the lessor under the Real Property Lease, and the
     respective predecessors, successors and permitted assigns of each of the
     foregoing.  Unless otherwise expressly provided by the Real Property Lease,
     nothing in this Assignment and Assumption shall relieve the Assignor of its
     obligations to the lessor under the Real Property Lease or any such
     guarantor of its obligations under any such guaranty.  This instrument is
     governed by and subject to all of the representations, warranties,
     covenants, indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Asset Sale
     Agreement.

                                      B-2
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Assignment
     as of the day and year first above written.


ASSIGNOR:

______________________________, 

a _______________ corporation


By: __________________________


Title: _________________________


And By: ______________________


Title: _________________________

ASSIGNEE:

______________________________,
a ________________ corporation


By: _____________________________


Title: ___________________________


And By: _________________________


Title: ___________________________

CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION


By: _____________________________


Title: ___________________________


And By: ________________________


Title: ___________________________

                                      B-3
<PAGE>
 
     STATE OF CALIFORNIA        )
                                )      ss.
     COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES      )


               On ___________________, 1994, before me, the undersigned, a
     Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally appeared,
     ____________________ and _____________________, proved to me on the basis
     of satisfactory evidence to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
     the within instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same in
     their authorized capacities as ____________________ and _______________,
     respectively, of ___________________________________, a _____________
     corporation, and that by their signatures on the instrument, the entity
     upon behalf of which the persons acted, executed the instrument.

               WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                    _____________________________
                                              Notary Public


     (Notary Seal)



     STATE OF CALIFORNIA        )
                                )      ss.
     COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES      )


               On ___________________, 1994, before me, the undersigned, a
     Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally appeared,
     ____________________ and _____________________, proved to me on the basis
     of satisfactory evidence to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
     the within instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same in
     their authorized capacities as ____________________ and _______________,
     respectively, of ___________________________________, a _______________
     corporation, and that by their signatures on the instrument, the entity
     upon behalf of which the persons acted, executed the instrument.

               WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                      _____________________________
                                              Notary Public

                                      B-4
<PAGE>
 
     (Notary Seal)

     STATE OF CALIFORNIA           )
                                   )      ss.
     COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES         )


               On ___________________, 1994, before me, the undersigned, a
     Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally appeared,
     ____________________ and _____________________, proved to me on the basis
     of satisfactory evidence to be the persons whose names are subscribed to
     the within instrument and acknowledged to me that they executed the same in
     their authorized capacities as ____________________ and _______________,
     respectively, of Charter Medical Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and
     that by their signatures on the instrument, the entity upon behalf of which
     the persons acted, executed the instrument.

               WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                     _____________________________
                                              Notary Public


     (Notary Seal)

                                      B-5
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL PROPERTY LEASE
                ------------------------------------------------

                     (Description of Lease and Any Separate
                 First Refusal Rights and/or Purchase Options)


                      __________________________________.

                                      B-6
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER B
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF REAL PROPERTY LEASE
                ------------------------------------------------

                        (Description of Leased Premises)


                         ______________________________
                         ______________________________
                         ______________________________


                                      B-7
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT C
                                   ---------


                          GENERAL ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT


               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to, and subject to the
     terms, provisions and conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement
     (Subsequent Facilities) dated ___________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and
     between NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the
     "Seller") and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the
     "Buyer"), Buyer does hereby assume, and does hereby agree to pay, discharge
     and perform as and when due, the Assumed Liabilities described in the
     Agreement of Seller and of each subsidiary of Seller set forth in Rider A
     hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and collectively, the "Subsidiaries"),
     except for those Assumed Liabilities assumed, jointly and severally, by
     Buyer and a subsidiary of Buyer pursuant to separate instruments of
     assumption, including, without limitation, any Facility Specific Assumption
     Agreement or any Assignment and Assumption of Real Property Lease executed
     by Buyer and/or any subsidiary of Buyer in favor of Seller and/or any of
     the Subsidiaries.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

               This Assumption Agreement is being delivered in favor of Seller
     and each of the Subsidiaries.

                                      C-1
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer has executed this Assumption Agreement
     this ___ day of ________, 1994, effective as of the date and time specified
     in the Agreement.


                                 CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION
 


                                 By: _____________________________

                              Title: ___________________________

                                      C-2
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                          GENERAL ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
                          ----------------------------


                             (List of Subsidiaries)

                                      C-3
<PAGE>
 
                     FACILITY SPECIFIC ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

                               (Facility No. ___)



               FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency
     of which are hereby acknowledged, and pursuant to, and subject to the
     terms, provisions and conditions of, that certain Asset Sale Agreement
     (Subsequent Facilities) dated _____________, 1994 (the "Agreement"), by and
     between NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the
     "Seller") and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the
     "Buyer"), Buyer and the subsidiary of Buyer identified in Rider A hereto
     (the "Buyer's Subsidiary"), jointly and severally, do hereby assume, and do
     hereby agree to pay, discharge and perform as and when due, the Assumed
     Liabilities described in the Agreement of Seller and of each subsidiary of
     Seller set forth in Rider A hereto (individually a "Subsidiary" and
     collectively, the "Subsidiaries") that are related to the healthcare
     facilities identified in Rider A hereto (together with related outpatient
     or satellite clinics, if any, the "Facilities"), except for those Assumed
     Liabilities assumed, jointly and severally, by Buyer and the Buyer's
     Subsidiary pursuant to separate instruments of assumption, of even date
     herewith, including, without limitation, Assignment and Assumption of Real
     Property Lease executed by Buyer and/or the Buyer's Subsidiary in favor of
     Seller and/or any of the Subsidiaries.

               Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.  This instrument is governed by
     and subject to all of the representations, warranties, covenants,
     indemnities and other terms and conditions of the Agreement.

               This Facility Specific Assumption Agreement is being delivered in
     favor of Seller and each of the Subsidiaries.

                                      C-4
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Buyer and the Buyer's Subsidiary have
     executed this Facility Specific Assumption Agreement this ___ day of
     _________, 1994, effective as of the date and time specified in the
     Agreement.


BUYER'S SUBSIDIARY:

______________________________, 

a _______________ corporation


By: __________________________


Title: ________________________


CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION


By: ______________________________


Title: _____________________________


                                      C-5
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                     FACILITY SPECIFIC ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT
                     --------------------------------------



     1.  Subsidiaries of Seller:
         ---------------------- 

               ______________________________

               ______________________________

               NME Psychiatric Properties, Inc.

               NME Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.

               NME Hospitals, Inc.

 
     2.  Facilities:
         ---------- 

               ______________________________
               ______________________________
               ______________________________

                    Related outpatient facilities:

                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________
                    ______________________________


     3.  Buyer's Subsidiary:
         ------------------ 

               ______________________________

                                      C-6
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT D
                                   ---------


                  NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
                  -------------------------------------------


          THIS NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is
                                                                 ---------     
     made and entered into as of the ___ day of _____________, 1994, by and
     between NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC., a Nevada corporation
                                                                     
     ("Seller"), and CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
       ------                                                           
     ("Buyer"), with reference to the following facts.
       -----                                          

          A.  Buyer and Seller are parties to a Asset Sale Agreement (Subsequent
     Facilities) dated ___________, 1994 (the "Asset Sale Agreement"), pursuant
                                               --------------------            
     to which Seller is causing certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (the
     "Subsidiaries") to sell, and Buyer and certain of its wholly-owned
     -------------                                                     
     subsidiaries (the "Buyer Subsidiaries") are buying, certain mental health
                        ------------------                                    
     facilities (the "Facilities") and related assets (such Facilities and
                      ----------                                          
     related assets being referred to as the "Transferred Assets") through which
                                              ------------------                
     the Subsidiaries have provided mental health services to the public.

          B.  To assist in the orderly transition in the ownership of the
     Facilities following the purchases and sales contemplated by the Asset Sale
     Agreement (the "Transactions"), Seller has agreed to, or will cause its
                     ------------                                           
     pertinent Affiliates (as such term is defined in the Asset Sale Agreement)
     to, permit the Facilities to participate in certain national purchasing
     contracts of Seller and its Affiliates (together, the "Seller Group") to
                                                            ------------     
     the extent such Facilities have previously participated therein, all in
     accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the
     agreements contained herein and in the Asset Sale Agreement, and for other
     good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
     hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do
     hereby agree as follows:

          Section 1  Participation In National Purchasing Contracts.  On the
                     ----------------------------------------------         
     terms and subject to the conditions hereof, Seller hereby agrees to
     exercise its reasonable commercial efforts for the term set forth in
     Section 6.1 to permit Buyer and the Buyer Subsidiaries to participate to
     the extent they

                                      D-1
<PAGE>
 
     choose in the national purchasing contracts or programs of Seller and its
     Affiliates set forth in Rider A hereto (as modified from time to time, the
     "National Contracts") on substantially the same basis as members of the
      ------------------                                                    
     Seller Group participate in such National Contracts, provided that such
                                                          --------          
     participation shall be solely for the purpose of supporting and shall be
     limited to the operations of the Facilities.

          Section 2  Primary Negotiating Party.  Buyer agrees that Seller or
                     -------------------------                              
     pertinent members of the Seller Group shall remain the primary negotiating
     party (the "Primary Negotiating Party") with respect to dealing with third
                 -------------------------                                     
     parties under all such National Contracts, and Buyer agrees that without
     the prior written consent of Seller or the pertinent member of the Seller
     Group (which consent shall be in the absolute discretion of Seller or such
     pertinent member of the Seller Group), neither Buyer nor any Affiliate of
     Buyer (the "Buyer Group") shall initiate any discussions or engage in any
                 -----------                                                  
     dealings with third parties with respect to matters arising under or
     related to such National Contracts.  Seller agrees to cause the Primary
     Negotiating Party to consider the unique needs of the Facilities when
     negotiating terms, provisions and purchasing arrangements under such
     National Contracts, but the Primary Negotiating Party shall be under no
     obligation to expend any efforts, reasonable or otherwise, to address such
     needs if to do so would cause any economic detriment to any member of the
     Seller Group.

          Section 3  Fees and Charges.  In consideration for participation in
                     ----------------                                        
     the National Contracts, Buyer agrees as follows:

               3.1  Buyer shall pay Seller a monthly participation fee (the
     "Participation Fee") as set forth in Rider B hereto.  Such Participation
     ------------------                                                      
     Fee shall be payable on the first day of each month during the term of this
     Agreement, pro-rated for partial periods.

               3.2  In the event that, pursuant to arrangements applicable to a
     particular purchase or purchases under a National Contract, a member of the
     Buyer Group becomes directly obligated to third parties for the Cost of
     goods and services provided to such member of the Buyer Group, then such
     member of the Buyer Group shall promptly pay to such third parties the
     Costs billed to such member of the Buyer Group upon presentation to it of
     reasonably detailed invoices therefor, such payments to be made in
     accordance with the terms and tenor of such invoices.

                                      D-2
<PAGE>
 
               3.3  Buyer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Seller
     and each member of the Seller Group from and against any and all loss,
     liability, damage and expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees and
     costs of investigation, litigation, settlement and judgment, which Seller
     and each member of the Seller Group may sustain or suffer or to which they
     may become subject as a result of any failure of any member of the Buyer
     Group to comply with the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.
                                                           --------- 

          Section 4  Disclaimer of Warranties.  Seller agrees to use reasonable
                     ------------------------                                  
     efforts to permit members of the Buyer Group to participate in the National
     Contracts to the extent set forth in Section 1, but no member of the Seller
                                          ---------                             
     Group shall be liable to any member of the Buyer Group for any loss, damage
     or expense which may result from such participation, for negligent
     performance by any member of the Seller Group in connection with such
     participation, or for any changes in the terms, manner, method or mode by
     which goods and services are procured under the National Contracts.
     Neither Seller nor any member of the Seller Group makes any warranty,
     express or implied, to Buyer or any member of the Buyer Group respecting
     goods and services supplied under a National Contract or this Agreement,
     including without limitation warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
     particular purpose, and as between members of the Seller Group and members
     of the Buyer Group, goods and services shall be provided and accepted "AS
     IS" and "WITH ALL FAULTS."  Without limiting the generality of the
     foregoing, Seller agrees to exercise reasonable efforts, and to cause
     members of the Seller Group to exercise reasonable efforts, to pass through
     to pertinent members of the Buyer Group the benefit of any warranties
     provided by third parties, to the extent permitted by the warranties in
     question, with respect to goods and services supplied by such third parties
     to such members of the Buyer Group, provided that such reasonable efforts
                                         --------                             
     shall not include the initiation of any legal proceedings and provided
                                                                   --------
     further that Buyer shall, or shall cause the pertinent member or members of
     -------                                                                    
     the Buyer Group to, reimburse Seller and each member of the Seller Group
     for any expenses incurred by them in connection with passing through the
     benefit of any such warranty or warranties.

          Section 5  Limitation on Obligations of Seller Group.  The parties
                     -----------------------------------------              
     agree that the sole obligation of Seller and members of the Seller Group
     under this Agreement is to exercise reasonable efforts to permit, subject
     to the terms hereof and the terms of the National Contracts, members of the
     Buyer Group to participate in the National Contracts.  Nothing herein shall
     obligate any member of the Seller Group to enforce any rights of any

                                      D-3
<PAGE>
 
     member of the Buyer Group arising under any National Contract or with
     respect to any third party.  Absent fraud or conversion, and
     notwithstanding the form in which any claim or action may be brought or
     asserted, the liability of members of the Seller Group for acts or
     omissions arising from or relating to the performance of this Agreement
     shall be limited to repayment, as general damages, of the Participation Fee
     paid by Buyer for the month or months in which such acts or omissions
     occurred, and no member of the Seller Group shall, under any circumstances,
     have any other financial liability hereunder to members of the Buyer Group
     whatsoever.  Buyer agrees, and shall cause each participating member of the
     Buyer Group to agree, that the provisions of this Section 5 limiting their
                                                       ---------               
     remedies and liquidating their damages are reasonable in the circumstances
     existing on the date of this Agreement.

          Section 6  Term and Termination.
                     -------------------- 

               6.1  This Agreement is effective on the date first written above,
     and shall remain in effect for the term set forth herein unless sooner
     terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.  The initial term of
     this Agreement shall be for a period of ___________ (   ) days from the
     date first written above.  The term of this Agreement may be extended by
     mutual agreement of the parties, provided that such mutual agreement shall
                                      -------------                            
     be evidenced by a duly executed amendment to this Agreement.

               6.2  Buyer may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if
     Seller or any member of the Seller Group commits any material breach of
     this Agreement, and fails to cure the breach within thirty (30) days after
     written notice or, if the breach cannot be cured within thirty (30) days,
     fails to commence diligent efforts to cure the breach within that period.

               6.3  Seller may terminate the participation of Buyer or any
     member of the Buyer Group with respect to any National Contract in
     accordance with Section 7.2.  In addition, Seller may terminate this
     Agreement upon written notice to Buyer if Buyer or any member of the Buyer
     Group (i) fails to pay any amount when due hereunder, or (ii) commits any
     material breach of this Agreement and, if such breach is other than a
     failure to pay any amount when due hereunder, fails to cure the breach
     within thirty (30) days after written notice or, if the breach cannot be
     cured within thirty (30) days, fails to commence diligent efforts to cure
     the breach within that period.

                                      D-4
<PAGE>
 
               6.4  Buyer may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause,
     upon forty-five (45) days' written notice.

               6.5  Seller may terminate this Agreement if Buyer or any Buyer
     Subsidiary becomes insolvent or admits in writing its insolvency or
     inability to pay its debts as they become due; is unable or does not pay
     its debts as they become due; makes or proposes an assignment for the
     benefit of creditors; convenes or proposes to convene a meeting of its
     creditors or any class thereof, for purposes of effecting a moratorium upon
     or extension or composition of its debts; proposes any such moratorium,
     extension or composition; or commences or has filed against it any
     bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or insolvency proceeding under any
     law in any jurisdiction for the relief of debtors; or if any receiver,
     trustee, liquidator or custodian is appointed to take possession of any
     substantial portion of its assets.

               6.6  Termination of this Agreement in whole or in part, for
     cause, shall be without prejudice to any other remedy otherwise available
     to the innocent party.

          Section 7  General Provisions.
                     ------------------ 

               7.1  Force Majeure.  If any party's performance is prevented,
                    -------------                                           
     hindered or delayed by reason of any cause(s) beyond such party's
     reasonable control ("Force Majeure") which cannot be overcome by reasonable
                          -------------                                         
     diligence, including without limitation, war, labor disputes, civil
     disorders, governmental acts, epidemics, quarantines, embargoes, fires,
     earthquakes, storms, power failures, equipment failures, transmission
     failures, or acts of God, such party shall be excused from performance to
     the extent that it is prevented, hindered or delayed thereby, during the
     continuance of such cause(s); and such party's obligations hereunder shall
     be excused so long as and to the extent that such cause(s) prevent or delay
     performance.

               7.2  Requirements of Third Parties.  Notwithstanding any other
                    -----------------------------                            
     provision hereof, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that members of the Buyer
     Group shall not be entitled to participate in one or more National
     Contracts to the extent that to do so would violate the contractual
     arrangements that may exist from time to time between members of the Seller
     Group and third party suppliers and vendors or to the extent that such
     participation is unacceptable to any such third party supplier or vendor,
     and

                                      D-5
<PAGE>
 
     that the continued participation of any member of the Buyer Group in one or
     more National Contracts may be terminated immediately upon written notice
     to Buyer in such event.

               7.3  Entirety of Agreement; Amendments.  This Agreement
                    ---------------------------------                 
     (including the Riders hereto), the Asset Sale Agreement (including the
     Schedules and Exhibits thereto), and the other documents and instruments
     specifically provided for herein and therein contain the entire
     understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this
     Agreement and such other documents and instruments and, except as expressly
     provided for herein or therein, supersede all prior understandings and
     agreements, whether oral or written, between them with respect to the
     subject matter hereof and thereof.  The are no representations, warranties,
     agreements, arrangements or understandings, oral or written, between the
     parties hereto relating to the subject matters of this Agreement and such
     other documents and instruments which are not fully expressed herein or
     therein.  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an agreement in
     writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

               7.4  Incorporation of Provisions of Asset Sale Agreement.  The
                    ---------------------------------------------------      
     following provisions of the Asset Sale Agreement are incorporated herein by
     reference mutatis mutandis:  Sections 2.16, 12.1 through 12.5, and 12.7
                                  -------------  ----         ----      ----
     through 12.12.
             ----- 

                                      D-6
<PAGE>
 
               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement
     on the date first above written.

                              Buyer:
                              CHARTER MEDICAL CORPORATION
 
                                    For Itself and as Duly
                                    Authorized Agent and
                                    Attorney-In-Fact for each
                                    Buyer Subsidiary



                              By __________________________
                                    Name _______________________
                                    Title ______________________


                              Seller:
                              NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES,
                              INC.

                              By __________________________

                                    Name ____________________
                                    Title ___________________


                                      D-7
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER A
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                  NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
                  -------------------------------------------



            [List of National Purchasing Contracts Attached Hereto]


                                      D-8
<PAGE>
 
                                    RIDER B
                                    -------
                                       TO
                                       --
                  NATIONAL PURCHASING PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT
                  -------------------------------------------


                          (Participation Fee To Come)


                                      D-9
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT E

                              REMAINING SCHEDULES


                                      None


                                      E-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.III
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>SEV. PROT. AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                 EXHIBIT 10(iii)

                         SEVERANCE PROTECTION AGREEMENT



          This Agreement dated as of June 28, 1994 (this "Agreement"), between
National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and
Barry Schochet (the "Executive").

                                  WITNESSETH:

          WHEREAS, the Executive is currently employed by the Company as its
President and Chief Operating Officer, Hospital Division; and

          WHEREAS, the Executive has extensive management experience in acute
hospital management and the operation of the Company, and such experience is
very important to the continued success of the Company, as well as to the
orderly transition of the Company should a change in corporate control and
ownership occur; and

          WHEREAS, the Company believes that it is in the best interests of the
Company and its shareholders to enter into agreements with certain key officers,
including the Executive, in order to ensure their retention.

          NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

          1.  DEFINITIONS.  For purposes of this Agreement, the terms set forth
              -----------
 in this Section shall have the following meanings:

              a.   A "Change of Control" of the Company shall be deemed to have
                   occurred if: (i) any Person is or becomes the beneficial
                   owner directly or indirectly of securities of the Company
                   representing 30% or more of the combined Voting Stock of the
                   Company or; (ii) individuals who, as of April 1, 1994,
                   constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the
                   "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at
                   least a majority of the Board of Directors; provided,
                   however, that (a) any individual who becomes a director of
                   the Company subsequent to April 1, 1994, whose election, or
                   nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, was
                   approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors
                   then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to have
                   been a member of the Incumbent Board and (b) no individual
                   who was elected initially (after April 1, 1994) as a director
                   as a result of an actual or threatened election contest, as
                   such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A
                   promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                   amended, or any other actual or threatened solicitations of
                   proxies or consents by or on behalf of any person other than
                   the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to have been a member of
                   the Incumbent Board.

              b.   "Person" shall mean an individual, firm, corporation or other
                   entity or any successor to such entity, together with all
                   Affiliates and Associates of such Person, but "Person" shall
                   not include the Company, any subsidiary of the Company, any
<PAGE>
 
                 employee benefit plan or employee stock plan of the Company or
                 any subsidiary of the Company, or any Person organized,
                 appointed, established or holding Voting Stock by, for or
                 pursuant to the terms of such a plan.

            c.   "Affiliate" and "Associate" shall have the respective meanings
                 ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and
                 Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                 amended.

            d.   "Voting Stock" with respect to a corporation shall mean shares
                 of that corporation's capital stock having general voting
                 power, with "voting power" meaning the power under ordinary
                 circumstances (and not merely upon the happening of a
                 contingency) to vote in the election of directors.

            e.   "Cause" shall mean: the willful, substantial, continued and
                 unjustified refusal of the Executive to perform the duties of
                 his office to the extent of his ability to do so; any conduct
                 on the part of the Executive which constitutes a breach of any
                 statutory or common law duty of loyalty to the Company; any
                 illegal or publicly immoral act by the Executive which
                 materially and adversely affects the business of the Company;
                 the physical or mental disability of the Executive as
                 determined by the Board of Directors of the Company resulting
                 in his inability to perform his duties hereunder; or the death
                 of the Executive.

      2.   PAYMENTS UPON CHANGE OF CONTROL.  If a Change of Control of the
           -------------------------------                                
Company occurs within two years from the date of this Agreement and at any time
during the two-year period thereafter, the Executive's employment is Terminated
without cause or the Executive voluntarily Terminates Employment from his
position as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Hospital Division
following (a) a material downward change in the functions, duties, or
responsibilities which reduce the rank or position of the Executive; (b) (i) a
reduction in the Executive's annual base salary, or (ii) a material reduction in
the Executive's annual incentive plan bonus payment other than for financial
performance as it broadly applies to all similarly situated Executives in the
same plan, or (iii) a material reduction in the Executive's retirement or
supplemental retirement benefits that does not broadly apply to all Executives
in the same plan or; (c) transfer of the Executive's office to a location that
is more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive's current principal office
location, then in any such event, the Company shall pay the Executive a
severance benefit in cash within 30 days after such termination in an amount
equal to two times the Executive's annual base salary then in effect.

     3.   GOLDEN PARACHUTE CAP.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement
          --------------------                                                  
to the contrary, in no event shall the total payments under this Agreement that
are deemed to be contingent upon a Change of Control in accordance with the
rules set forth in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the "Code"), when added to the present value of all other payments that are
payable to the Executive and are contingent upon a Change of Control, exceed an
amount equal to two hundred and ninety-nine percent (299%) of the

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
 
Executive's "base amount" as that term is defined in Section 280G of the Code
and regulations thereunder.

      4.   WAIVER OF CONDITION PRECEDENT.  In the event of termination of
           -----------------------------                                 
employment per Paragraph 2 of this Agreement, then Paragraph 5.7(ii) of the
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan is waived.

      5.   ASSIGNMENT; BINDING EFFECT.  Neither this Agreement nor any rights or
           --------------------------                                           
obligations hereunder may be assigned or pledged by the Executive.  This
Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be
binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto, the heirs and
legal representatives of the Executives and the successors and assigns of the
Company.

      6.   NO RIGHT TO EMPLOYMENT.  Nothing herein shall confer upon the
           ----------------------                                       
Executive any right to continue in the employ of the Company or a subsidiary
thereof or shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any
subsidiary to terminate such employment at any time.

      7.   SEVERABILITY.  Should any provision of this Agreement be declared
           ------------                                                     
illegal or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction in any action or
proceeding, and such provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, such
provision shall immediately become null and void and the parties shall
renegotiate such provision in good faith, leaving the remainder of this
Agreement in full force and effect.

      8.   NOTICES.  Any notice to be given hereunder shall be effective upon
           -------                                                           
receipt, shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid to the following address or such
other places as either party shall designate in writing:

      If to the Company:    National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
                            2700 Colorado Avenue
                            Santa Monica, California
                            Attention:  Chief Executive Officer

      with a copy to:       National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
                            2700 Colorado Avenue
                            Santa Monica, California
                            Attention:  General Counsel

      If to the Executive:  _________________________________________
                            _________________________________________
                            _________________________________________
                            _________________________________________

      9.   NO ORAL MODIFICATIONS.  This Agreement shall not be amended or
           ---------------------                                         
modified except by a written instrument executed by both parties to this
Agreement.

      10.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Severance Protection Agreement contains the
           ----------------                                                   
entire agreement between the parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof,
and fully supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between the

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
parties hereto regarding the subject matter hereof.  Each party hereto
acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral
or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any
party, which are not embodied herein, and that no other agreement regarding the
subject matter hereof will be binding.  Each party hereto further acknowledges
and agrees that any modifications of this Agreement will be effective only if it
is in writing and signed by the party to be charged.

      11.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
           -------------                                                       
accordance with the laws of the State of California, other than its rules for
choice of laws.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement
as of the date first above written.

                                    NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.



                              By:    /s/   MICHAEL H. FOCHT, SR.
                                    -----------------------------------
                              Its:  President & Chief Operating Officer
                                    -----------------------------------


                                    ___________________________________
                                    Barry Schochet


                                      -4-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.H
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>7TH AMEND. TO G.R.A.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(h)

             SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT


     THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT (the
"Amendment") is made and dated as of May 28, 1993, between National Medical
Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("NME") and The Hillhaven Corporation, a
Nevada corporation ("Hillhaven").

                                    RECITALS
                                    --------

     A.  NME and Hillhaven are parties to that certain Guarantee Reimbursement
Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990 (as the same has been or may from time
to time be amended, restated, renewed, replaced, modified or supplemented from
time to time, the "Reimbursement Agreement").

     B.  Hillhaven has requested that NME enter into that certain Pledge and
Security Agreement and Master Assignment of Mortgages, dated as of May 28, 1993
(the "Pledge Agreement"), pursuant to which NME is assigning certain promissory
notes from Hillhaven to NME, and the mortgages securing such promissory notes,
to Swiss Bank Corporation, as Collateral Agent, to secure NME's obligations
under a guaranty of certain of Hillhaven's "Obligations" (as defined in the
Reimbursement Agreement).

     C.  In order to induce NME to enter into the Pledge Agreement, Hillhaven
has agreed to amend the Reimbursement Agreement as set forth in this Agreement.

     NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows:

                                   AGREEMENT
                                   ---------

     1.  Section 1(a) of the Reimbursement Agreement hereby is amended and
restated to read in its entirety as follows:

          (a) Reimbursement.  New Hillhaven shall reimburse NME, promptly on
              -------------                                                 
     demand, for all Obligations (including those Obligations set forth in
     Appendix B to the Reimbursement Agreement) paid by NME or its subsidiaries
     after the Distribution Date not theretofore reimbursed by New Hillhaven.
     Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that NME
     pledges or assigns collateral directly or indirectly to secure any
     Obligations or NME's obligations with respect thereto, under a guaranty or
     otherwise, the amount to be reimbursed by New Hillhaven to NME hereunder
     with respect to such Obligations shall be the greater of (x) the face value
     of any collateral applied to the satisfaction of the Obligations, and any
     other sums then outstanding with respect to such collateral, including
     accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and (y) the fair market value of any
     collateral, and any proceeds thereon, applied to the satisfacton of the
     Obligations (provided, however, that if the collateral is a note secured by
     a mortgage or deed of trust, the fair market value of such note shall not
     include the fair market value of the real property securing such note).
     Payments and notices shall be made or given, as the case may be, in
     accordance with the provisions of Sections 1(c), 3 and 9(b).
<PAGE>
 
     2.   Reimbursement Agreement Remains in Effect.  Except as expressly
          -----------------------------------------                      
amended hereby, the Reimbursement Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect.

     3.   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
          -------------                                                       
accordance with the laws of the State of California.

     4.   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
          ------------                                                          
each of which shall be deemed an original, but such counterparts shall together
constitute but one and the same instrument.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.


                                    NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.,
                                    a Nevada corporation



                                    By: /s/ Maris Andersons
                                       --------------------------------
                                    Title: Exec. Vice President
                                          -----------------------------


                                    THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION
                                    a Nevada corporation



                                    By: /s/ Robert Schneider
                                       --------------------------------
                                    Title: VP Treasurer
                                          -----------------------------

                                      -2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.I
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>8TH AMEND. TO G.R.A.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(i)

             EIGHTH AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT



     This Eighth Amendment to Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement ("Amendment")
dated as of September 2, 1993, is entered into by and between National Medical
Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("NME") and The Hillhaven Corporation, a
Nevada corporation ("New Hillhaven").


                                    RECITALS

A.   New Hillhaven and NME are parties to that certain Guarantee Reimbursement
Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990 (as the same has been or may be amended,
restated, modified, supplemented, renewed or replaced from time to time, the
"Reimbursement Agreement"), which provides, among other things, for the
reimbursement by New Hillhaven of all Obligations (as defined in the
Reimbursement Agreement) paid by NME.  Unless otherwise defined herein, all
capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning ascribed to such terms
in the Reimbursement Agreement.

B.   New Hillhaven, NME, and certain subsidiaries of New Hillhaven and NME, have
entered into that certain letter agreement dated June 22, 1993 (the "June 22
Letter"), which among other things, restructures certain relationships of the
companies.  Among the provisions contained in the June 22 Letter that are
pertinent to this Reimbursement Agreement, are the following:

     (1) New Hillhaven will obtain financing consisting of (a) third party bank
     financing in the approximate amount of $400 million, and (b) public or
     private debt financing in the approximate amount of $175 million
     (collectively, the "Financing"), a portion of the proceeds of which
     Financing will be used to (i) repay certain Obligations currently
     guaranteed by NME, and (ii) cause NME and/or certain of its subsidiaries to
     be released from certain other Obligations currently guaranteed by NME
     and/or certain of its subsidiaries;

     (2) The annual guarantee fee payable by New Hillhaven under this
     Reimbursement Agreement in connection with the Obligations shall be limited
     to a maximum of 2% of the Obligations outstanding and the manner of
     calculating the fee charged on the Obligations outstanding shall be
     revised; and

     (3) NME and/or certain subsidiaries of NME shall assign to New Hillhaven's
     subsidiary, First Healthcare Corporation ("FHC"), and FHC shall assume the
     renewal and/or purchase options contained in the Assumed Leases (as that
     term is defined in the Reimbursement Agreement) that were not assigned to
     FHC on or before the Distribution Date for those facilities described in
     Exhibit 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference (the
     "Assumed Lease Options"), and those Assumed Lease Options shall be added to
     the Obligations covered by this Reimbursement Agreement, as more
     specifically provided herein.
<PAGE>
 
C.   New Hillhaven and NME desire to amend the Reimbursement Agreement as set
forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree to
amend, modify and supplement the Reimbursement Agreement as follows:


                                   AGREEMENT


1.   Calculation of the Guarantee Fee After Completion of Financing.  The
     ---------------------------------------------------------------     
provisions of Section 2(c) of the Reimbursement Agreement are hereby amended to
provide that, commencing with the quarterly payment due for the fiscal quarter
ending February 28, 1993, the guarantee fee for each quarter shall be the
product of (i) the amount of the Obligations outstanding at the close of
business on the last day of the preceding fiscal quarter multiplied by (ii) a
fraction which is equal to the applicable fraction for the previous fiscal year
multiplied by 1.2; provided, however, that at no time shall the fraction to be
used in calculating the guarantee fee exceed 2%.  Furthermore, notwithstanding
the foregoing guaranty fee provisions, the principal amounts of the Obligations
described in Exhibit 2 and Exhibit 3 attached hereto shall not be included as
part of the Obligations for the purposes of calculating the guarantee fee in the
foregoing sentence.  Instead, in accordance with prior agreements, (x) New
Hillhaven shall pay to NME a guarantee fee of 1% per annum on those Obligations
described in Exhibit 2, and (y) no guarantee fee shall be charged on those
Obligations described in Exhibit 3.


2.   Proration of Guarantee Fee on Obligations Paid With Proceeds of Financing.
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary, the guarantee fee paid with
respect to those Obligations that are paid in full, or as to which NME's
guaranty has been released, with proceeds of the Financing during the fiscal
year ending May 31, 1994 shall be prorated to the date of payoff, based on the
actual number of days elapsed until such Obligation is paid in full or such
guaranty has been released.


3.   Inclusion of the Assumed Lease Options as Obligations.  The Assumed Lease
     ------------------------------------------------------                   
Options are hereby added as, and shall be deemed to be, "Obligations" under (and
as defined in) the Reimbursement Agreement, and all terms, covenants and
conditions of the Reimbursement Agreement shall apply; provided, however, that
the guarantee fee set forth in Paragraph 1 above shall be charged on the
aggregate amount of the rents that will become due for the renewal period for
any such Assumed Lease, commencing on the earlier of the date that FHC exercises
or is required to exercise such Assumed Lease Option, as provided by the terms
of the assignment of such Assumed Lease Option.

                                      -2-

<PAGE>
 
4.   Inclusion of Certain Assumed Obligations.    To the extent NME or any
     -----------------------------------------                          
subsidiary or affiliate of NME remains primarily or contingently liable
therefor, each of the Assumed Existing Debt and the Assumed Lease described in
Exhibit 4 attached hereto is hereby added as, and shall be deemed to be, an
"Obligation" under (and as defined in) the Reimbursement Agreement, and all
terms, covenants and conditions of the Reimbursement Agreement, including
payment of a guarantee fee as provided in Paragraph 1 above, shall apply to such
Assumed Existing Debt and Assumed Lease.

5.   Reaffirmation of Reimbursement Agreement.    New Hillhaven reaffirms that
     -----------------------------------------                                 
the Reimbursement Agreement, as amended hereby, shall remain in full force and
effect, and shall continue to be binding upon New Hillhaven.


6.   Captions.    The captions and headings used herein are for the convenience
     ---------                                                                  
of reference and shall not be construed in any manner to limit or modify any of
the terms hereof.


7.   Governing Law.    This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in
     --------------                                                     
accordance with the laws of the State of California.


8.   Counterparts.    This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of
     -------------                                                         
which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute but one
and the same instrument.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Amendment to
be duly executed on its behalf as of the date first set forth above.


                                    NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.


                                    By: /s/ Maris Andersons
                                        ------------------------------
                                    Title: Executive Vice President
                                          ----------------------------


                                    THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION


                                    By: /s/ Robert Schneider
                                        ------------------------------
                                    Title: VP Treasurer
                                          ----------------------------

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT 1


No.       Facility Name
- ---       -------------

272       Hughes Springs Nursing Home
          Hughes Springs, Texas

273       Pinecrest Convalescent Home
          Daingerfield, Texas

274       Coastal Care Center
          Texas City, Texas

275       Great Southwest Convalescent Center
          Grand Prairie, Texas

292       Twin City Nursing Home
          Gas City, Indiana

298       Driftwood Convalescent Hospital
          Yuba City, California

299       Marysville Convalescent Hospital
          Marysville, California

305       University Nursing Center
          Upland, Indiana

880       Four States Nursing Home
          Texarkana, Texas

881       Southwest Senior Care Center
          Las Vegas, New Mexico

760       Ridgeview Nursing and Convalescent Center
          Wichita Falls, Texas  76392

860       Blue Hills Centre
          Kansas City, Missouri

849       Iliff Care Center
          Denver, Colorado

295       Whitehouse Country Manor
          Whitehouse, Ohio

184       Greystone Healthcare Center
          Blountville, Tennessee

183       Hillhaven Convalescent Center - Ripley
          Ripley, Tennessee

<PAGE>
 
Exhibit 1 (Continued)


189       Fairpark Healthcare Center
          Maryville, Tennessee

179       Hillhaven Convalescent Center of Huntington
          Huntington, Tennessee

175       Hillhaven of Jefferson City
          Jefferson City, Tennessee

171       Hillhaven Convalescent Center
          Bolivar, Tennessee

<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT 2


A ONE PERCENT GUARANTEE FEE IS PAYABLE ON OBLIGATIONS COVERING THE FOLLOWING
FACILITIES:

FACILITY 462:  Queen Anne Care Center, WA
FACILITY 158:  Bellingham Care Center,  Bellingham, WA
FACILITY 461:  Edmonds Care Center, Edmonds, WA
FACILITY 825:  Nansemond Convalescent Center, Suffolk, VA
FACILITY 829:  Holmes Convalescent Center, Virginia Beach, VA

<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT 3


NO GUARANTEE FEE IS PAYABLE ON OBLIGATIONS COVERING THE FOLLOWING FACILITIES:


FACILITY 525:  Hillhaven Convalescent Hospital, Orange, CA
FACILITY 781:  Bashford East Health Care Center, Bashford, KY
FACILITY 804:  Hillhaven Convalescent Center and Nursing Home, Birmingham, AL
FACILITY 824:  Hillhaven Convalescent Center & Nursing Home, Mobile, AL
FACILITY 160:  First Hill Care Center, WA
FACILITY 560:  Franklin Woods Healthcare Center, OH
FACILITY 570:  Pickerington Health Care Center, OH
FACILITY 822:  Hillhaven Convalescent Center, Memphis, TN
FACILITY 416:  Park Place Hillhaven Convalescent Center, Great Falls, MT
FACILITY 572:  Canal Winchester, OH -- No guarantee fee shall be payable on the
               Assumed Lease.  A guarantee shall be payable on the Assumed
               Existing Debt as provided in Paragraph 1 of the Amendment.

<PAGE>
 
                                   EXHIBIT 4
                              ASSUMED OBLIGATIONS

ASSUMED EXISTING DEBT
- ---------------------

Facility 572: Canal Winchester      Loan Agreement, dated April 1, 1983,
                                    between County of Franklin and Aeon, Inc.,
                                    with an outstanding principal balance as of
                                    September 2, 1993 of $1,955,000, secured by
                                    an Open-End Mortgage and Security Agreement
                                    dated April 1, 1983.


Facility 416: Park Place            All-Inclusive Promissory Note Secured by
                                    Mortgage, dated September 1, 1983, in favor
                                    of B.G.M. Enterprises, with an outstanding
                                    principal balance as of September 2, 1993 of
                                    $257,998.44.

                                    All-Inclusive Promissory Note Secured by
                                    Mortgage, dated September 1, 1983, in favor
                                    of B.G.M. Enterprises, with an outstanding
                                    principal balance as of September 2, 1993 of
                                    $1,357,016.39.


ASSUMED LEASE

Facility 572: Canal Winchester      Lease and Sublease Agreement, dated October
                                    10, 1985, between Aeon, Inc. and First
                                    Healthcare Corporation, and any amendments
                                    thereto.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.M
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>AGREE. OF HILLHAVEN STOC
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(m)

             AGREEMENT CONCERNING PURCHASE BY NME PROPERTIES CORP.
            AND CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES OF SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK OF
                           THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION



     This Agreement is made and dated as of September 1, 1993, among National
Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("NME"), NME Properties Corp., a
Tennessee corporation ("NMEP Corp."), NME Properties, Inc., a Delaware
corporation ("NMEP Inc."), NME Properties West, Inc., a Delaware corporation
("NMEP West"), The Hillhaven Corporation, a Nevada corporation ("Hillhaven") and
First Healthcare Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("First Healthcare").  NMEP
Corp., NMEP Inc. and NMEP West are sometimes herein referred to collectively as
the "NMEP Entities."

                                    RECITALS

     A.       As part of the January, 1990 spinoff by NME to its shareholders of
shares of Hillhaven, First Healthcare, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hillhaven,
delivered to NMEP Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of NME, a promissory note
dated as of January 31, 1990, in the original principal amount of
$127,300,000.00, which amount subsequently was adjusted (as reflected in the
addendum thereto) to reflect the actual adjusted principal amount of
$135,859,396.00.  Such promissory note, as adjusted, and as amended by that
certain First Amendment to Promissory Note, dated as of May 1, 1991, is referred
to herein as the "FHC Promissory Note."  As of the Closing Date (as defined in
Section 3 herein), the outstanding balance of the FHC Promissory Note, including
unpaid accrued interest thereon is $49,072,836.93.

     B.      Pursuant to that certain Note Guarantee Agreement, dated as of
January 31, 1990 (the "Note Guarantee Agreement"), Hillhaven has guarantied
First Healthcare's obligations under the FHC Promissory Note.

     C.      Pursuant to that certain letter agreement dated May 31, 1990, as
amended by that certain Amendment No. One to Commitment Letter dated as of May
1, 1991, First Healthcare has borrowed from NMEP West the sum of $6,000,000.00,
which loan is evidenced by a promissory note dated July 20, 1992, in favor of
NMEP West, and is secured by a mortgage on the facility known as Clayton House
(Facility No. 445) (the "Clayton House Note").  As of the Closing Date, the
outstanding balance of the Clayton House Note, including unpaid accrued interest
thereon, is $5,911,097.51.

     D.       In connection with First Healthcare's purchase of Greenbriar
Terrace (Facility No. 592), NMEP Corp. provided a loan to First Healthcare in
the original sum of $1,452,626.42, evidenced by promissory note and secured by a
mortgage against the real property (the "Greenbriar Note").  As of the Closing
Date, the outstanding balance of the Greenbriar Note, including unpaid accrued
interest thereon, is $969,110.79.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -2-


     E.      In connection with First Healthcare's purchase of Birchwood Terrace
(Facility No. 559), NMEP, Inc. provided a loan to First Healthcare in the
original sum of $893,194.45, evidenced by a promissory note and secured by a
mortgage against the real property (the "Birchwood Note").  As of the Closing
Date, the outstanding balance of the Birchwood Note, including unpaid accrued
interest thereon, is $647,522.06.
 
     F.      On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement, NME Properties desires to purchase from Hillhaven, and Hillhaven
desires to sell to the NMEP Entities, 120,000 shares of Hillhaven's Series D
Preferred Stock (the "Series D Preferred"), which Series D Preferred shall have
the rights and preferences specified in that certain Certificate of Designation,
Preferences and Rights of Series D Preferred Stock of Hillhaven (the
"Certificate of Designation"), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A,
                                                                     --------- 
for consideration of $120,000,000.00.
 
     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and for other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as
follows:

                                   AGREEMENT


     1.      Purchase of Series D Preferred.  The NMEP Entities hereby agrees to
             ------------------------------                                     
purchase from Hillhaven, and Hillhaven hereby agrees to sell to the NMEP
Entities, on the Closing Date, 120,000 shares of Series D Preferred for a
purchase price of $120,000,000.00 (the "Purchase Price"), payable as provided in
Section 3 below.

     2.      Representations and Warranties.
             ------------------------------ 

     (a) In order to induce the NMEP Entities and NME to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Hillhaven
hereby covenants, represents and warrants to the NMEP Entities and NME that:

          (i) Hillhaven is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the State of Nevada.

          (ii) Hillhaven has the corporate power, authority and legal right to
make, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Series D
Preferred and has taken all corporate action to authorize the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Series D Preferred.  No
consent of any other person (including, without limitation, stockholders and
creditors of Hillhaven), and no authorization of, notice to or other act by or
in respect of Hillhaven by, any governmental authority, agency or
instrumentality is required in connection with the execution, delivery,
performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Series D
Preferred.  This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Hillhaven,
each certificate evidencing shares
<PAGE>
 
                                      -3-

of Series D Preferred has been duly executed and delivered by Hillhaven and each
of this Agreement and each share of Series D Preferred constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of Hillhaven enforceable against Hillhaven in
accordance with its terms.

      (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by Hillhaven of this
Agreement and the Series D Preferred will not violate any provision of any
existing law or regulation applicable to Hillhaven or any of its significant
subsidiaries or of any award, order or decree applicable to Hillhaven or any of
its significant subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority,
or of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Hillhaven, or of any security
issued by Hillhaven or any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or
other agreement or undertaking to which Hillhaven is a party or by which
Hillhaven or any of its properties or assets may be bound, and will not result
in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its or their
respective properties or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any such
mortgage, indenture, contract, lease or other agreement. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, no material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or
other agreement or undertaking to which Hillhaven is a party or by which
Hillhaven or any of its properties or assets may be bound prohibits or restricts
Hillhaven from executing, delivering or performing its obligations hereunder or
under the Series D Preferred or from declaring or paying the dividends
contemplated by the Certificate of Designation, except for the Guarantee
Reimbursement Agreement dated as of January 30, 1990 between NME and Hillhaven
(as amended, the "Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement"), the provisions of which
that so prohibit or restrict the payment or declaration of the dividends
contemplated by the Certificate of Designation are being waived by NME pursuant
to this Agreement.

        (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any
arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to the knowledge of
Hillhaven, threatened by or against Hillhaven or any of its subsidiaries or any
of its or their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to this
Agreement or the Series D Preferred or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby, or (b) which, if adversely determined, would have a material
adverse effect on Hillhaven's ability to perform its obligations under this
Agreement or the Series D Preferred.
 
       (v) Neither Hillhaven nor any of its significant subsidiaries is in
default in any material respect under or with respect to any material contract,
agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or its
assets is bound.  Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, properties or financial condition of Hillhaven and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the ability of Hillhaven to perform its
obligations under this Agreement and the Series D Preferred, Hillhaven is not in
default under any order, award or decree of any court, arbitrator, or other
governmental authority binding upon or affecting it or by which any of its
assets is bound or affected.  Hillhaven is not subject to any order, award or
decree which would materially adversely affect the ability of Hillhaven to
perform its obligations under any other order, award or decree or under this
Agreement or the Series D Preferred.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -4-

        (vi) Hillhaven's guaranty referred to in Recital B above remains in full
force and effect and continues to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of
Hillhaven enforceable against Hillhaven in accordance with its terms.

       (vii) The Series D Preferred has been duly authorized and issued by
Hillhaven. The holders of the Series D Preferred shall be entitled to all of the
benefits of the Series D Preferred as described in the Certificate of
Designation. Upon Hillhaven's receipt of the Purchase Price and its issuance of
the 120,000 shares of Series D Preferred, such 120,000 shares of Series D
Preferred will be fully paid and non-assessable and will not have been issued or
delivered in violation of, or subject to, any preemptive rights or other rights
of any person to subscribe for or purchase the Series D Preferred.

     (b) In order to induce the NMEP Entities and NME to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, First
Healthcare hereby covenants, represents and warrants to each of the NMEP
Entities and NME that:

        (i) First Healthcare is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

        (ii) First Healthcare has the corporate power, authority and legal right
to make, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and has taken
all corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement.  No consent of any other person (including, without limitation,
stockholders and creditors of First Healthcare), and no authorization of, notice
to or other act by or in respect of First Healthcare by, any governmental
authority, agency or instrumentality is required in connection with the
execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by First Healthcare and this
Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of First Healthcare
enforceable against First Healthcare in accordance with its terms.

       (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by First Healthcare of this
Agreement will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation
applicable to First Healthcare or any of its significant subsidiaries or of any
award, order or decree applicable to First Healthcare or any of its significant
subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority, or of the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of First Healthcare, or of any security
issued by First Healthcare or any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract
or other agreement or undertaking to which First Healthcare is a party or by
which First Healthcare or any of its properties or assets may be bound, and will
not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its
or their respective properties or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any
such mortgage, indenture, contract, lease or other agreement.

<PAGE>
 
                                      -5-

        (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any
arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to the knowledge of First
Healthcare, threatened by or against First Healthcare or any of its subsidiaries
or any of its or their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) which, if
adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on First Healthcare's
ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
        (v) Neither First Healthcare nor any of its significant subsidiaries is
in default in any material respect under or with respect to any material
contract, agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or
its assets is bound.  Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, properties or financial condition of First Healthcare and
its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the ability of First

Healthcare to perform its obligations under this Agreement, First Healthcare is
not in default under any order, award or decree of any court, arbitrator, or
other governmental authority binding upon or affecting it or by which any of its
assets is bound or affected.  First Healthcare is not subject to any order,
award or decree which would materially adversely affect the ability of First
Healthcare to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

        (vi) Each of the FHC Promissory Note, the Clayton House Note, the
Greenbriar Note, and the Birchwood Note remains in full force and effect and
continues to be a legal, valid and binding obligation of First Healthcare,
enforceable against First Healthcare in accordance with its terms.  First
Healthcare is current in the payment and performance of its obligations under,
and has not assigned its interests in any of, the FHC Promissory Note, the
Clayton House Note, the Greenbriar Note, and the Birchwood Note.

     (c) In order to induce Hillhaven and First Healthcare to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, NME hereby
covenants, represents and warrants to Hillhaven and First Healthcare that:

        (i) NME is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the State of Nevada.

        (ii) NME has the corporate power, authority and legal right to make,
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and has taken all
corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement.  No consent of any other person (including, without limitation,
stockholders and creditors of NME), and no authorization of, notice to or other
act by or in respect of NME by, any governmental authority, agency or
instrumentality is required in connection with the execution, delivery,
performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.  This Agreement has
been duly executed and delivered by NME and this Agreement constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of NME enforceable against NME in accordance with
its terms.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -6-

        (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by NME of this Agreement
will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation applicable to
NME or any of its significant subsidiaries or of any award, order or decree
applicable to NME or any of its significant subsidiaries of any court,
arbitrator or governmental authority, or of the Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws of NME, or of any security issued by NME or any material mortgage,
indenture, lease, contract or other agreement or undertaking to which NME is a
party or by which NME or any of its properties or assets may be bound, and will
not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its
or their respective properties or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any
such mortgage, indenture, contract, lease or other agreement.

        (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any
arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to the knowledge of NME,
threatened by or against NME or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their
respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to this Agreement or any of
the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) which, if adversely determined,
would have a material adverse effect on NME's ability to perform its obligations
under this Agreement.
 
        (v) Neither NME nor any of its significant subsidiaries is in default in
any material respect under or with respect to any material contract, agreement
or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or its assets is
bound.  Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the business,
operations, properties or financial condition of NME and its subsidiaries taken
as a whole or on the ability of NME to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, NME is not in default under any order, award or decree of any court,
arbitrator, or other governmental authority binding upon or affecting it or by
which any of its assets is bound or affected.  NME is not subject to any order,
award or decree which would materially adversely affect the ability of NME to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.

     (d) In order to induce Hillhaven and First Healthcare to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, each of NMEP
Corp., NMEP Inc., and NMEP West hereby covenants, represents and warrants to
Hillhaven and First Healthcare that:

          (i) It is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the laws of the state of incorporation of the corporation.

          (ii) It has the corporate power, authority and legal right to make,
deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and has taken all
corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement.  No consent of any other person (including, without limitation,
stockholders and creditors of the corporation), and no authorization of, notice
to or other act by or in respect of the corporation by, any governmental
authority, agency or instrumentality is required in connection with the
execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement.
This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the corporation and this
Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the corporation
enforceable against the corporation in accordance with its terms.
<PAGE>
 
                                      -7-


       (iii) The execution, delivery and performance by the corporation of this
Agreement will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation
applicable to the corporation or any of its significant subsidiaries or of any
award, order or decree applicable to the corporation or any of its significant
subsidiaries of any court, arbitrator or governmental authority, or of the
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation, or of any security
issued by the corporation or any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract
or other agreement or undertaking to which the corporation is a party or by
which the corporation or any of its properties or assets may be bound, and will
not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any lien on any of its
or their respective properties or revenues pursuant to the provisions of any
such mortgage, indenture, contract, lease or other agreement.

        (iv) No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any
arbitrator or governmental authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the
corporation, threatened by or against the corporation or any of its subsidiaries
or any of its or their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) which, if
adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on its ability to
perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 
        (v) Neither the corporation nor any of its significant subsidiaries is
in default in any material respect under or with respect to any material
contract, agreement or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it or
its assets is bound.  Except as would not have a material adverse effect on the
business, operations, properties or financial condition of the corporation and
its subsidiaries taken as a whole or on the ability of the corporation to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, the corporation is not in default
under any order, award or decree of any court, arbitrator, or other governmental
authority binding upon or affecting it or by which any of its assets is bound or
affected.  The corporation is not subject to any order, award or decree which
would materially adversely affect the ability of the corporation to perform its
obligations under this Agreement.

        (vi) Except to the extent that the promissory notes have been pledged
and assigned to Swiss Bank Corporation pursuant to that certain unrecorded
Pledge and Security Agreement and Master Assignment of Mortgages dated as of May
28, 1993 (the "Pledge Agreement"), the NME Entities have not assigned their
interests in the promissory notes described in the above Recitals.  Upon release
of the Pledge Agreement which shall occur upon Hillhaven's repayment of the THC
Facilities Corp. loan evidenced by the Credit Agreement (as defined in the
Pledge Agreement) on September 2, 1993, NMEP Corp. will be the holder of the FHC
Promissory Note and the Greenbriar Note, NMEP West will be the holder of the
Clayton House Note, and NMEP Inc. will be the holder of the Birchwood Note, free
and clear of any liens or encumbrances.

        (vii) It is purchasing the Series D Preferred for investment purposes
and not in connection with or with a view towards the distribution thereof.

<PAGE>
 
                                      -8-

     3.  The Closing.  On September 2, 1993 (the "Closing Date"), the parties
         -----------                                                         
hereto shall take the following actions:

     (a) NMEP Corp. shall deposit with Escrow cash or immediately available
funds in the amount of $63,399,432.71, and shall give written instructions to
Escrow to transfer said funds to First Healthcare's account at PNC Bank.

     (b) NMEP Corp. shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in the FHC Promissory
Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum of $49,072,836.93;

     (c) NMEP Corp. shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in the Greenbriar
Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum of $969,110.79;

     (d) NMEP West shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in the Clayton House
Note, with an outstanding balance in the sum of $5,911,097.51;

     (e) NMEP Inc. shall assign to Hillhaven its interest in the Birchwood Note,
with an outstanding balance in the sum of $647,522.06;

     (f) In consideration of (i) payment of the cash sum described in
subparagraph (a) above, and (ii) the assignment to Hillhaven of the promissory
notes described in subparagraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, Hillhaven shall
deliver to the NME Entities the following certificates representing a total of
120,000 shares of Series D Preferred:

          (i) Certificate representing 63,399 shares of Series D Preferred in
          the name of NME Properties Corp.;

          (ii) Certificate representing 50,042 shares of Series D Preferred in
          the name of NME Properties Corp.;

          (iii) Certificate representing 5911 shares of Series D Preferred in
          the name of NME Properties West, Inc.; and

          (iv) Certificate representing 648 shares of Series D Preferred in the
          name of NME Properties, Inc.

     4.  NME Waivers.  NME hereby waives the provisions of Section 5(h) of that
         -----------                                                           
certain Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement to the extent that such provisions
would prohibit Hillhaven from paying dividends on the Series D Preferred;
provided, however, that such waiver shall be limited to Hillhaven being
permitted to pay dividends only on the Series D Preferred (and on Series C
Preferred for which a waiver was previously obtained) and not on any other
series or class of stock of Hillhaven or any of its subsidiaries.

     5.  Survival of Certain Representations and Warranties and Covenants.
         ----------------------------------------------------------------  
Hillhaven's representations and warranties set forth in Section 2(a)(vii) shall
survive the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

<PAGE>
 
                                      -9-

     6.  Miscellaneous.
         ------------- 

     (a) This Agreement may be executed in as many counterparts as may be deemed
necessary or convenient, and by the different parties hereto on separate
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original but
all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same agreement.

     (b) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF
LAW.

     (c) No waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be
(i) valid or enforceable unless it is in writing and has been executed by the
party against whom such enforcement is sought, or (ii) construed as a waiver or
modification of any other provision of this Agreement.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.



                                         National Medical Enterprises, Inc., 
                                         a Nevada corporation                
                                                                             
                                         By: /s/ Maris Andersons
                                            --------------------------------
                                         Title: Executive Vice President     
                                                                             
                                         NME Properties Corp.,               
                                         a Tennessee corporation             
                                                                             
                                         By: /s/ Maris Andersons
                                            --------------------------------
                                         Title: Senior Vice President        
                                                                             
                                         NME Properties, Inc.,               
                                         a Delaware corporation              
                                                                             
                                         By: /s/ Maris Andersons
                                            --------------------------------
                                         Title: Senior Vice President        
                                                                             
                                                                             
                                         NME Properties West, Inc.,          
                                         a Delaware corporation              
                                                                             
                                         By: /s/ Maris Andersons
                                            --------------------------------
                                         Title: Senior Vice President        
                                                                              
<PAGE>
 
                                      -10-


                                         The Hillhaven Corporation,            
                                         a Nevada corporation                  
                                                                               
                                         By: /s/ Robert Schneider
                                            --------------------------------
                                         Title: Vice President and Treasurer
                                                                               
                                                                               
                                         First Healthcare Corporation,         
                                         a Delaware corporation                
                                                                               
                                         By: /s/ Robert Schneider
                                            --------------------------------
                                         Title: Vice President and Treasurer
                                                                               
                                                                                

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.N
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>AGREEMENT & WAIVER
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(n)

                              AGREEMENT AND WAIVER



          This AGREEMENT AND WAIVER (this "Agreement") dated as of September 2,
1993, by and among National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation
("NME"), the subsidiaries of NME which are signatories hereto, The Hillhaven
Corporation, a Nevada corporation ("Hillhaven"), and First Healthcare
Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("FHC").

                                  WITNESSETH:
                                  ---------- 

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Revolving Credit and Term Loan
Agreement dated as of January 31, 1990 between NME and Hillhaven, as amended by
that certain First Amendment thereto dated as of November 12, 1992 (as amended,
the "Revolving Credit Agreement"), NME agreed to make certain loans to Hillhaven
through May 31, 1994 subject to the conditions set forth therein; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Commitment Letter dated May 31,
1990, between NME and FHC, as amended by that certain Amendment No. One thereto
dated as of May 1, 1991 (as amended, the "Commitment Letter"), NME agreed to
make certain loans to FHC subject to the conditions set forth therein; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Master Loan Agreement dated as of
April 1, 1992 among the lenders parties thereto, NME, FHC and Hillhaven, as
amended by that certain First Amendment thereto dated as of November 12, 1992
(as amended, the "Master Loan Agreement"), the lenders which were parties
thereto agreed to finance up to 100% of the purchase price of the facilities
referred to therein; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Guaranty dated as of April 1, 1992
from Hillhaven in favor of the lenders listed thereon (the "Master Loan
Agreement Guaranty"), Hillhaven guaranteed the obligations of FHC under the
Master Loan Agreement; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Master Loan Agreement for Purchase
of Nine Facilities dated as of June 1, 1992 among the lenders parties thereto
and FHC (the "Second Master Loan Agreement"), the lenders which were parties
thereto agreed to finance up to 100% of the purchase price of the facilities
referred to therein; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Guaranty dated as of June 1, 1992
from Hillhaven in favor of the lenders listed thereon (the "Second Master Loan
Agreement Guaranty"), Hillhaven guaranteed FHC's obligations under the Second
Master Loan Agreement; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Promissory Note dated January 31,
1990 (the "Promissory Note") by FHC in favor of NME Properties Corp., a
Tennessee corporation (formerly known as The Hillhaven Corporation), FHC owes
certain monies to NME Properties Corp.; and
<PAGE>
 
          WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Note Guarantee Agreement dated as of
January 31, 1990 among Hillhaven, NME and the payees identified therein (the
"Note Guarantee Agreement"), Hillhaven guaranteed FHC's obligations under the
Promissory Note; and

          WHEREAS, Hillhaven is restructuring its relationship with NME to,
inter alia, repay amounts owing to NME pursuant to the Master Loan Agreement,
- ----- ----                                                                   
the Second Master Loan Agreement and the Promissory Note, and terminate NME's
commitment to loan funds pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement and the
Master Loan Agreement; and

          WHEREAS, in connection therewith the parties desire to eliminate NME's
commitments under the Revolving Credit Agreement, and the Master Loan Agreement,
and to terminate Hillhaven's obligations under the Master Loan Agreement
Guaranty, Second Master Loan Agreement Guaranty and Note Guarantee Agreement;
and

          WHEREAS, the aforesaid restructuring will be financed through (1) the
issuance by Hillhaven to NME or its subsidiaries of $120 million of a newly
created series of payable-in-kind preferred stock, (2) the incurrence by FHC of
up to $360 million of indebtedness in the form of term loans, letters of credit
and working capital loans under a secured credit facility with Morgan Guaranty
Trust Company of New York and a syndicate of other lenders (the "Bank
Financing"), (3) the sale by Hillhaven of senior subordinated notes in the
approximate amount of $175 million (the "Notes"), (4) the extension of FHC's
commercial paper program backed by certain of its (and certain of its
subsidiaries') Medicaid accounts receivable and increase in permitted borrowings
under such program from $30.0 million to $40.0 million and (5) the use of
available cash; and

          WHEREAS, in connection with the Bank Financing, Hillhaven has 
transferred its bank accounts to FHC; and

          WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 5(a), 5(b) and 5(i) of that certain
Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement, as amended (as so amended, the "Guarantee
Reimbursement Agreement"), Hillhaven agreed, inter, alia, to certain covenants
                                             -----  ----                      
which may be violated as a result of the Bank Financing, the Notes and the
transfer of bank accounts to FHC;

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto intending to be legally bound, hereby
agree as follows:

          1.  TERMINATION OF OBLIGATIONS TO LEND.  NME's obligations to loan
              ----------------------------------                            
funds to Hillhaven under the Revolving Credit Agreement, the Master Loan
Agreement, the Second Master Loan Agreement, the Promissory Note and the
Commitment Letter shall terminate as of the date hereof.

          2.  TERMINATION OF GUARANTEES.  Hillhaven's obligations under the
              -------------------------                                    
Master Loan Agreement Guaranty, Second Master Loan Agreement Guaranty and Note
Guarantee Agreement shall terminate as of the date hereof.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
 
     3.  WAIVER.  NME hereby waives compliance with the following provisions of
         ------                                    
the Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement;

         (a)  Sections 5(a) and 5(b) of the Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement
              are hereby waived to the extent necessary to permit (i) the
              transactions contemplated by the Bank Financing, including the
              placement of mortgages on facilities owned by FHC or its
              subsidiaries, the substitution of facilities as collateral and any
              subsequent addition of collateral, and (ii) the issuance of the
              Notes.

         (b)  Section 5(i) of the Guarantee Reimbursement Agreement is hereby
              waived to the extent necessary to permit Hillhaven to transfer
              any or all of its bank accounts to FHC.

     4.  COSTS.  Each party shall bear its own cost and expenses in connection
         -----                                                                
with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement.

     5.  COOPERATION.  The parties agree to execute and deliver such other
         -----------                                                      
documents and instruments and do all such other acts and things as may be
reasonably required to give effect to the agreements contained in this 
Agreement.

     6.  AMENDMENT.  No amendment or modifications of this Agreement shall be
         ---------                                                           
effective unless in writing signed by the parties.

     7.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
         -------------                                                       
accordance with California law.

     8.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
         ------------                                                          
which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute but one
and the same instrument.

     9.  NO FURTHER WAIVER.  The waivers set forth herein shall be effective
         -----------------                                                  
only for the specific purposes for which given.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to
be duly executed on its behalf as of the date first set forth above.

                                    NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.,
                                    a Nevada corporation


                                    By:      /s/   MARIS ANDERSONS
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:       Executive Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    NME PROPERTIES CORP.,
                                    a Tennessee corporation


                                    By:      /s/  TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:            Vice President
                                           -------------------------------

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
 
                                    NME PROPERTIES, INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    NME PROPERTY HOLDING CO., INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    NME PROPERTIES WEST, INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    HAMMOND HOLIDAY HOME, INC.,
                                    a Kansas corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    SEDGWICK CONVALESCENT CENTER, INC.,
                                    a Kansas corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    NORTHWEST CONTINUUM CARE CENTER, INC.,
                                    a Washington corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
 
                                    FLAGG INDUSTRIES, INC.,
                                    a California corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    GUARDIAN MEDICAL SERVICES, INC.,
                                    a North Carolina corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    NME ARIZONA, INC.,
                                    an Arizona corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    LAKE HEALTH CARE FACILITIES, INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation


                                    By:     /s/   TIMOTHY L. PULLEN
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:           Vice President
                                           -------------------------------


                                    THE HILLHAVEN CORPORATION,
                                    a Nevada corporation


                                    By:     /s/   ROBERT SCHNEIDER
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:      Vice President & Treasurer
                                           -------------------------------


                                    FIRST HEALTHCARE CORPORATION,
                                    a Delaware corporation


                                    By:     /s/   ROBERT SCHNEIDER
                                           -------------------------------
                                    Its:    Vice President & Treasurer
                                           -------------------------------


                                      -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.SS
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>AMEND. TO NME ERP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(ss)

                Amendment to National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
                     Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
                                 Dated November 1, 1984
                                 As Amended May 21, 1986

          THIS AMENDMENT TO NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. SUPPLEMENTAL
RETIREMENT PLAN (the "Amendment") is made, entered into and effective as of the
25th day of April, 1994.

                               R E C I T A L S :
                               - - - - - - - -  

          WHEREAS, National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation
("NME") adopted the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the "Plan"),
pursuant to a document dated November 1, 1984 and amended May 21, 1986;

          WHEREAS, Section 5.4 provides that NME reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to amend the Plan; and

          WHEREAS, NME now desires to amend the Plan.

          NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, NME hereby agrees to
amend the Plan as follows:

                              A M E N D M E N T :
                              - - - - - - - - -  

          1. Section 2.5 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting such Section
in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

          "2.5 Change of Control.  "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have
               -----------------                                              
          occurred if (a) any person as such term is used in Sections 13(c) and
          14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is or
          becomes the beneficial owner directly or indirectly of securities of
          NME representing 30% or more of the combined voting power of NME's
          then outstanding securities or (b) during any two year period
          commencing after April 1, 1994, individuals who at the beginning of
          such period constitute the Board of Directors of NME cease for any
          reason other than death or disability to constitute a majority of the
          Board."

          2. Section 2.14 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting such Section
in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

          "2.14 Existing Retirement Benefit Plans Adjustment Factor.  "Existing
                ---------------------------------------------------            
          Retirement Benefit Plans Adjustment Factor or Factors" means the
          assumed benefit the Participant would be eligible for under Social
          Security and all retirement plans of NME and its Subsidiaries whether
          or not he participates in such plans. This Factor will be used for
          calculating all benefits under the Plan and is a projection of the
          benefits payable under the Social Security regulations in effect June
          1, 1984, and retirement plans of NME in effect on June 1, 1984, or the
          participant's Date of Enrollment in the Plan, if later. Once
          established for a Participant this Factor will not thereafter be
          altered to reflect any reduction in benefits under Social Security.
          This Factor will be adjusted to reflect changes in

                                      -1-
<PAGE>
 
          benefits under NME retirement plans if a Participant is transferred to
          different retirement plans or the Company contribution to a retirement
          plan is increased or decreased from the percentage used for original
          calculation of the Participant's Factor or the Participant becomes
          eligible for other retirement plans adopted by the Company which would
          provide benefits greater or less than the Plan considered in
          calculating the Participant's original Factor, except that such Factor
          for Participant's who are regular full time employees actively at work
          with the Company on April 1, 1994, with the corporate office or a
          division or subsidiary that is not announced as a discontinued
          operation shall be revised based upon the Participant's actual base
          salary as of April 1, 1994, but no Factor will be increased as a
          result of revision of the Factor to use the base salary as of April 1,
          1994."

          3. Section 2.19 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting such Section
          in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

          "2.19  Projected Earnings.  "Projected Earnings means the (a) actual
                 ------------------                                           
          Earnings of the Participant on the Date of Enrollment plus an assumed
          increase of eight percent per annum, or (b) for Participants who are
          regular full time employees actively at work on April 1, 1994, with
          the corporate office or a division or a subsidiary that has not been
          declared to be a discontinued operation, the actual Earnings of the
          Participant on April 1, 1994 plus an assumed increase of eight percent
          per annum."

          4. Section 3.8 of the Plan is hereby amended by designating the first
          paragraph of Section 3.8 as subparagraph (a) and by adding the
          following as a new subparagraph 3.8(b):

          "3.8(b) For a Participant who is a regular full time employee actively
          at work on April 1, 1994, with the corporate office or a division or a
          subsidiary which has not been declared to be a discontinued operation,
          who has not yet begun to receive benefit payments under the Plan and
          whose employment is Terminated without cause or who voluntarily
          Terminates Employment following (a) a material downward change in the
          functions, duties, or responsibilities which reduce the rank or
          position of the Participant, (b) (i) a reduction in the Participant's
          annual base salary, or (ii) a material reduction in the Participant's
          annual incentive plan bonus payment other than for financial
          performance as it broadly applies to all similarly situated active
          Participants in the same plan, or (iii) a material reduction in the
          Participant's retirement or supplemental retirement benefits that does
          not broadly apply to all active Participant's in the same plan or; (c)
          transfer of a Participant's office to a location that is more than
          fifty (50) miles from the Participant's current principal office
          location, if such Termination of Employment occurs within two years
          following a Change of Control of NME while this Plan remains in
          effect, the provisions of Section 3.8a above shall not apply and (i) a
          Participant's Early or Normal Retirement Benefits under this Plan (a)
          will be determined on the basis of (I) receiving full Prior Service
          Credit under Sections 3.1 and 3.2 for all Years of Service prior to
          his or her Date of Enrollment and (II) being credited with three
          additional years to his or her Years of Service (with total Years of

                                       -2-
<PAGE>
 
          Service not to exceed twenty years) and (b) will be fully vested in
          the Participant without regard to his or her Years of Service with NME
          and its Subsidiaries, (ii) will be determined by replacing the
          definition of "Earnings" under Section 2.10 hereof with the following
          "the base salary and the annual cash bonus paid to a Participant by
          NME or a Subsidiary, excluding (A) any cash bonus paid under the LTIP,
          (B) any car and other allowances and (C) other cash and non-cash
          compensation" and (iii) notwithstanding any other provision of this
          Plan to the contrary, a Participant will be entitled to receive the
          Normal Retirement Benefit on or after the age of sixty, without
          reduction, and after the age of fifty-five with a reduction of 0.42%
          per month for each month for which the benefit commences to be paid
          prior to the Participant's attaining the age of sixty and after the
          age of fifty with the foregoing reduction from age sixty to age fifty-
          five and with a reduction to 0.56% per month for each month for which
          the benefit commences to be paid prior to the Participant's attaining
          the age of fifty-five. No other reductions set forth in Sections
          3.2a(iii) and 3.2b will apply."

          5. The following language shall be added as a new Paragraph 3.9:

          "3.9 Golden Parachute Cap. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan
          to the contrary, in no event shall the total present value of all
          payments under this Plan that are payable to a Participant and are
          contingent upon a Change of Control in accordance with the rules set
          forth in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Service Code of 1986, as
          amended (the "Code") and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, when
          added to the present value of all other payments, other than payments
          that are made pursuant to this Plan, that are payable to a Participant
          and are contingent upon a Change of Control, exceed an amount equal to
          two hundred and ninety-nine percent (299%) of the Participant's "base
          amount" as that term is defined in Section 280G of the Code."

          6. The following language shall be added as new Section 4.5 to the
          Plan:

          "4.5 Lump Sum Distributions.  At any time following a Termination of
               ----------------------                                         
          Employment which occurs within two (2) years after a Change of Control
          or following an Early Retirement or a Normal Retirement, a
          Participant, or the Surviving Spouse of a Participant, who has a
          vested interest in the Plan may elect to receive a lump sum payment,
          in an amount determined below, sixty (60) days after giving notice to
          the Committee of the Participant's, or the Participant's Surviving
          Spouse's, desire to receive such lump sum benefit. The date of the
          notice shall be the "Commencement Date." The lump sum payment shall be
          determined in accordance with the following provisions of this Section
          4.5, and then shall be reduced by a penalty equal to ten percent (10%)
          of such payment which shall be forfeited to NME. However, the penalty
          shall not apply if the Committee determines, based on the advice of
          counsel or a final determination by the Internal Revenue Service or
          any court of competent jurisdiction, that by reason of the foregoing
          elective provisions of this Section 4.5 any Participant, Surviving
          Spouse or Eligible Children has recognized or will recognize gross
          income for federal income tax purposes under this Plan in advance of
          payment to him or her of Plan benefits. NME shall notify all

                                                 -3-
<PAGE>
 
          Participants (and Surviving Spouses or Eligible Children of deceased
          Participants) of any such determination. Wherever any such
          determination is made, NME shall refund all penalties which were
          imposed hereunder on account of making lump sum payments at any time
          during or after the first year to which such determination applies
          (i.e., the first year when gross income is recognized for federal
          income tax purposes). Interest shall be paid on any such refunds based
          on an interest factor determined under Section 4.5(b) hereof. The
          Committee may also reduce or eliminate the penalty if it determines
          that this action will not cause any Participant to recognize gross
          income for federal income tax purposes under this Plan in advance of
          payment to him or her of Plan benefits.

          Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, a penalty shall not
          apply if a retired Participant or the Surviving Spouse or Eligible
          Children of a deceased Participant receives a lump sum distribution
          due to a financial hardship. The Committee shall determine whether a
          financial hardship exists in its sole discretion, but in good faith
          and on a uniform, nondiscriminatory and reasonable basis. A hardship
          distribution shall be a cash payment not to exceed the amount
          necessary to relieve the hardship.

             (a) When monthly benefit payments have not yet commenced and the
             Participant is living on the Commencement Date, the lump sum
             payment (prior to the ten percent (10%) reduction) shall equal the
             lump sum value of the Participant's Early Retirement Benefit or
             Normal Retirement Benefit accrued through the Commencement Date.
             The amount described in this Section 4.5(a) shall include, in
             addition, in the case of a Participant who has a spouse or Eligible
             Children on the Commencement Date, the lump sum value, determined
             as of such date, of any benefit payable to a Surviving Spouse or
             Eligible Children by reason of the Participant's death on or after
             such date assuming such spouse would qualify as a Surviving Spouse
             on and after such date. The lump sum amount representing the value
             of the benefits described in the preceding two sentences shall be
             computed (i) first by reducing the amount of the Participant's
             monthly benefit payable under Section 3.2 hereof, if the
             Participant's Commencement Date occurs before the Participant's
             Normal Retirement date, (ii) then determining the survivor benefit
             which would be payable to a Surviving Spouse or Eligible Children
             in respect of such monthly benefit under Section 3.1(c) or Section
             3.2(c) whichever is applicable, and (iii) next commuting such
             benefits to their lump sum equivalent at the Commencement Date by
             reference to the factor described in Section 4.5(b). In computing
             the Participant's monthly benefit under clause (i) of the preceding
             sentence, if the Commencement Date occurs before the earliest date
             when the Participant may commence to receive his or her Early
             Retirement Benefit, the Participant's Early Retirement Benefit
             shall be computed as the annual actuarial equivalent of the Early
             Retirement Benefit which would be payable to him or her at the
             earliest date when benefits could commence under the Early
             Retirement provisions of Section 3.2, in the form of a single life
             annuity.
             
                                       -4-
<PAGE>
 
             When annual benefits have previously commenced, the lump sum
             payment (prior to the ten percent (10%) reduction) shall be equal
             to the difference between (A) minus (B) below, determined as of the
             Participant's Commencement Date, accumulated to the date of the
             lump sum payment using the same interest rate which is used in
             calculating the amounts (A) and (B):

                 (A)  The lump sum value of the monthly benefits payable to the
                 Participant (including any benefit payable to the Surviving
                 Spouse or Eligible Children) determined as of the Participant's
                 Commencement Date in the same manner as described in the
                 previous paragraph.

                 (B)  The lump sum value of the monthly benefits previously paid
                 to the Participant discounted to the Participant's Commencement
                 Date.

             When a Surviving Spouse of a deceased Participant elects to receive
             a lump sum payment, the amount of the lump sum payment shall be
             determined by the Committee in a manner similar to that used for a
             Participant, except that the lump sum payment shall only reflect
             the benefit which would be payable to a Surviving Spouse and
             Eligible Children. All lump sum equivalents hereunder shall be
             determined by reference to the factor described in Section 4.5(b).

             (b)  The factor described in this Section 4.5(b) is the actuarial
             equivalence factor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
             applicable to plans terminating on the Commencement Date."
 
          7. The Plan, as amended by this Amendment, remains in full force and
effect.


          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NME has signed this Amendment on the date set
forth above.

                                    NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.



                                    By: /s/ SCOTT M. BROWN
                                       --------------------------------
                                    Its: Senior Vice President
                                        -------------------------------

                                       -5-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.TT
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>AMEND. TO NME ERP
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(tt)

                Amendment to National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
                     Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
                                 Dated November 1, 1984
                                 As Amended May 21, 1986
                           As Amended April 25, 1994

          THIS AMENDMENT TO NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. SUPPLEMENTAL
EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN (the "Amendment") is made, entered into and effective
as of the  25th day of July, 1994.

                               R E C I T A L S :
                               - - - - - - - -  

          WHEREAS, National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation
("NME") adopted the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the "Plan"),
pursuant to a document dated November 1, 1984 and amended May 21, 1986 and April
25, 1994;

          WHEREAS, Section 5.4 of the Plan provides that NME reserves the right,
in its sole discretion, to amend the Plan; and

          WHEREAS, NME desires to amend the Plan to amend the definition of
"Change of Control" contained in the Plan and to waive certain "Conditions
Precedent" under certain circumstances;

          NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, NME hereby agrees to
amend the Plan as follows:

                              A M E N D M E N T :
                              - - - - - - - - -  

          1.  Section 2.5 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting such Section
in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

          "2.5  Change of Control.  "Change of Control" of NME shall be deemed
                -----------------                                             
     to have occurred if either (a) any person as such term is used in Sections
     13(c) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is
     or becomes the beneficial owner directly or indirectly of securities of NME
     representing 20% or more of the combined voting power of NME's then
     outstanding securities or (b) individuals who, as of April 1, 1994,
     constitute the Board of Directors of NME (the "Incumbent Board") cease for
     any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors;
     provided, however, that (i) any individual who becomes a director of NME
     subsequent to April 1, 1994, whose election, or nomination for election by
     the NME's stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of
     the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be deemed to have
     been a member of the Incumbent Board, and (ii) no individual who was
     elected initially (after April 1, 1994) as a director as a result of an
     actual or threatened election contest, as such terms are used in Rule 14a-
     11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
     as amended, or any other actual or threatened solicitations of proxies or
     consents by or on behalf of any person other than the Incumbent Board shall
     be deemed to have been a member of the Incumbent Board."

                                      -1-
<PAGE>
 
     2.   Section 3.8 of the Plan is hereby amended by adding the following as
new subparagraph 3.8(c):

          "c.  For a Participant who (a) is an active, full-time employee, (b)
          has not yet begun to receive benefit payments under the Plan and (c)
          is involuntarily terminated from employment without cause or
          voluntarily terminates employment pursuant to Section 3.8(c) above,
          within two years following a Change of Control of NME while this Plan
          remains in effect, the provisions of Section 5.7(ii) below shall not
          apply."

     3.   The Plan, as amended by this Amendment, remains in full force and
effect.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NME has signed this Amendment on the date set forth
above.

NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.



By: /s/ SCOTT M. BROWN
   -------------------------------
Its: Senior Vice President
    ------------------------------


                                      -2-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.ZZ
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMEND. TO DEF. COMP.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(zz)

                               FIRST AMENDMENT TO
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

     I, Scott M. Brown, the Secretary of National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
("NME"), hereby certify that on December 1, 1993 and April 13, 1994, the
Compensation and Stock Option Committee of the Board of Directors of NME
approved the following amendments to the Deferred Compensation Plan (the
"Plan"):

     1.   The second paragraph of Section 5 of the Plan is hereby amended by
          deleting such paragraph in its entirety and replacing it with the
          following:
 
          "In the event of the death of the Participant, compensation that has
          been deferred together with the accumulated interest will be
          distributed to the beneficiary named by the Participant or to the
          estate of the Participant in 120 approximateley equal monthly payments
          unless the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines upon written
          request of the beneficiary that payment shall be made voer a shorter
          period or in a lump sum.  Payment shall commence within 30 days after
          the death of the Participant, with interest continuing to accrue
          pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof until the full amount of deferred
          compensation is paid."

     2.   The following language shall be added as new Paragraph 8 to the Plan:

          "8. Lump Sum Distributions.  At any time either (a) prior to an event
              ----------------------                                           
          causing distribution in accordance with Paragraph 4 hereto or (b)
          after a Participant or his or her beneficiary is receiving
          distributions in installments in accordance with Paragraph 5 hereof
          and has not received the entire balance of a Participant's deferred
          compensation account, a Participant in the Plan or his or her
          beneficiary may elect to receive a lump sum payment, in an amount
          determined below, sixty (60) days after giving notice to the Committee
          of the Participant's or beneficiary's desire to receive such lump sum
          benefit.  The date of the notice shall be the "Commencement Date."
          The lump sum payment shall be equal to (a) the Participant's remaining
          deferred compensation account under the Plan or (b) a beneficiary's
          share of the Participant's remaining deferred compensation account
          under the Plan, whichever is applicable, reduced by a penalty equal to
          ten percent (10%) of such account which shall be forfeited to the
          Company.  However, the penalty shall not apply if the Committee
          determines, based on the advice of counsel or a final determination by
          the Internal Revenue Service or any court of competent jurisdiction,
          that by reason of the foregoing elective provisions of this Paragraph
          8 any Participant or beneficiary has recognized or will recognize
          gross income for federal income tax purposes under this Plan in
          advance of payment to him or her of Plan benefits.  The Company shall
          notify all Participants or beneficiaries of any such determination.
          Wherever any such determination is made, the Company shall refund all
          penalties which were imposed hereunder on account of making lump sum
          payments at any time during or after the first year to which such
          determination applies (i.e., the first year when gross income is
                                 ----                                     
<PAGE>
 
          recognized for federal income tax purposes).  Interest shall be paid
          on any such refunds based on an interest factor determined under
          Paragraph 3(b) hereof.  The Committee may also reduce or eliminate the
          penalty if it determines that this action will not cause any
          Participant or beneficiary to recognize gross income for federal
          income tax purposes under this Plan in advance of payment to him or
          her of Plan benefits.

          Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, a penalty shall not
          apply if a retired Participant receives a lump sum distribution
          pursuant to Paragraph 5 hereof.

          Any Participant who receives a lump-sum distribution in accordance
          with this Paragraph 8 shall be prohibited from making any deferral of
          compensation under this Plan for a period of one-year commencing on
          the date on which the lump-sum distribution is made to such
          Participant."

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have caused this certificate to be executed as of
August 15, 1994.


                                    National Medical Enterprises, Inc.


                                    By:  /s/ SCOTT M. BROWN
                                       -------------------------------
                                    Name: Scott M. Brown
                                    Title: Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.QQ
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>1ST AMEND. TO SUPP. SHER
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(qq)

                               FIRST AMENDMENT TO
                               SUPPLEMENTAL SHERT

     I, Scott M. Brown, the Secretary of National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
("NME"), hereby certify that on December 1, 1993, the Compensation and Stock
Option Committee of the Board of Directors of NME approved the following
amendment to the Supplemental Specialty Hospital Employee Retirement Trust (the
"Supplemental SHERT"):

     The unvested balances in the Supplemental SHERT as of December 31, 1992
     shall be vested effective as of December 31, 1992.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have caused this certificate to be executed as of
August 15, 1994.


                                    National Medical Enterprises, Inc.


                                    By: /s/ SCOTT M. BROWN
                                       -------------------------------
                                    Name: Scott M. Brown
                                    Title: Secretary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.OO
<SEQUENCE>16
<DESCRIPTION>B.O.D. RETIRE PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(oo)

                Amendment to National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
                       Board of Directors Retirement Plan
                             Dated January 1, 1985
                           As Amended August 18, 1993

     THIS AMENDMENT TO NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RETIREMENT PLAN (the "Amendment") is made, entered into and effective as of the
25th day of April, 1994.

                               R E C I T A L S :
                               - - - - - - - -  

     WHEREAS, National Medical Enterprises, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("NME")
adopted the Board of Directors Retirement Plan (the "Plan"), pursuant to a
document dated January 1, 1985 and amended August 18, 1993;

     WHEREAS, Section 5.4 of the Plan provides that NME reserves the right, in
its sole discretion, to amend the Plan; and

     WHEREAS, NME desires to amend the Plan to allow a Director (as defined in
the Plan) who is a participant in the NME Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan
to qualify as a Participant (as defined in the Plan) under the Plan;

     NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, NME hereby agrees to amend
the Plan as follows:

                              A M E N D M E N T :
                              - - - - - - - - -  

     1.  Section 2.10 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting it in its
entirety and replacing it with the following:

     "2.10  Participant.  "Participant" shall include any Director who, with the
            -----------                                                         
     permission of the Committee, enters into an Agreement to participate in
     this Plan."

     2.   Section 2.16 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting it in its
entirety and replacing it with the following:

     "2.16  Year of Service.  "Year of Service" means each complete year of
            ---------------                                                
     Service as a Director of NME, but shall specifically exclude any year of
     Service included in the definition of "Service" under Section 2.13 of the
     National Medical Enterprises, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan,
     dated November 1, 1984, as amended.  Years of Service shall be deemed to
     have begun as of the first day of the calendar month of Service and to have
     ceased on the last day of the calendar month of Service."

     3.   The Plan, as amended by this Amendment, remains in full force and
effect.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NME has signed this Amendment as of the date set forth
above.

NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.

BY: /s/ SCOTT M. BROWN
   -------------------------------
ITS: Senior Vice President
    ------------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>17
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                       NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC

                                   [ARTWORK]

                              1994 ANNUAL REPORT
<PAGE>
 
National Medical Enterprises, Inc.

    National Medical Enterprises, Inc. (NME), headquartered in Santa Monica,
Calif., owns and operates general hospitals and related health care businesses
in the United States and overseas. NME was founded in 1969 as a publicly held
hospital management company. The company employs approximately 35,000 people.

The Year's Highlights

.  Implemented companywide ethics program

.  Changed top executive management

.  Restructured board of directors

.  Settled federal government investigations

.  Resolved major litigation

.  Refocused on core general hospital business

.  Divested nearly all psychiatric and physical rehabilitation hospitals

.  Increased general hospital operating margins

.  Reduced total debt by $341 million; lowered total debt-to-equity from .67 to
   .63

.  Simplified corporate structure and reduced overhead

.  Increased market value 73 percent, from $1.57 billion to $2.72 billion in
   fiscal 1994

Cover illustration by Steve Dininno

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
            NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES'   

To Our Shareholders:

Any way you look at it, it was an unforgettable year at National Medical
Enterprises. It was a period of painful adjustments and acknowledgments, hard
work and gratifying successes. Ultimately, we believe it will be remembered as
a year of transition for NME.

We have finally cleared up the most significant of the legal difficulties
that have been casting a shadow over our company for the past two years. As we
said in last year's annual report, resolving these problems was our top
priority. We are pleased to have met our goal.

Most importantly, soon after the fiscal year ended, we signed a final
settlement agreement with the federal government that ended its investigations
of NME and subsidiaries. Now we can fully dedicate our energies and resources
to our profitable general hospital business and on ways to enhance shareholder
value.

NME is in good financial condition to support aggressive growth as our
nation's health care system changes. In fiscal 1994 NME's fully diluted
earnings from continuing operations were $1.23 per share, compared with $1.49
per share in fiscal 1993. However, after excluding the impact of restructuring
charges and gains on the disposals of assets, NME's fully diluted earnings from
continuing operations would have been $1.19 per share in both years. Despite
the heavy costs the company has incurred during the past year, NME's balance
sheet and cash flow remain strong.

Our core business of general hospitals continues to perform well. Even
though our revenue base declined due to the sale of noncore assets, earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) from continuing
operations before restructuring charges were $553 million, only $10 million
below last year.

Let's review major events at NME since we assumed management responsibilities 
in June 1993. We have accomplished a lot in that short time.

First, we reduced our board from 18 members to 12, most of whom are outside
directors. We are the only two board members employed by NME. A majority of the
board's executive committee members are also outside directors. Following the
annual meeting of shareholders in September, the number of directors will be
further reduced to 10. We have a new general counsel, a new chief financial
officer and a new executive in charge of public affairs. These appointments
complete changes to NME's top tier of executives, the first major management
transition in our company's 25-year history.

NME's legal problems and resulting public relations woes got worse before
they got better in fiscal 1994. In August 1993 federal investigators searched a
number of our facilities and offices. We cooperated fully with them in their
widely publicized examination of our operations.

We improved our outlook significantly in September when we agreed to settle
litigation over disputed psychiatric claims with six insurers for $125 million.
In December we agreed to settle with another 13 insurers for $90 million. This
resolved all major insurance litigation and allowed us to get back to business
as usual with these companies.

We also have resolved approximately two-thirds of the psychiatric patient
claims that faced us involving fraud and conspiracy allegations. Two
class-action lawsuits filed by shareholders are now in voluntary mediation.

Effective in December, our board of directors suspended the payment of
dividends on NME's common stock. This helped us conserve cash otherwise needed
to solve our legal problems.

Executing a final agreement with the federal

                                       3
<PAGE>
 
government on June 29 resolved our company's most pressing problem. NME
agreed to pay $363 million to conclude the federal investigations, which had
been focused principally on our psychiatric subsidiaries. Most importantly, the
agreement allows us to continue to participate in Medicare and other federally
funded health care programs essential to our operations.

We also have agreed in principle to pay $16 million to settle potential
claims with all the states in which our former psychiatric subsidiary operated.
Having built up cash reserves during the year, we were prepared to pay these
federal and state settlements.

To ensure our ongoing integrity, NME has implemented what we believe is the
most comprehensive ethics program in the health care industry. Nearly all of
our 35,000 employees, including every one of our executive-level managers, have
participated in our ethics awareness and training workshops. The program makes
employees more alert to potential ethical dilemmas and gives them the tools to
make the right decisions. And, because we know that our written code of conduct
cannot anticipate every ethical issue in our complex business, we have
established a toll-free ethics hotline that employees can call with questions
and concerns. Our compliance program is directed by a management-level
committee, chaired by Michael H. Focht Sr., president and chief operating
officer, and supervised by the ethics and quality assurance committee of the
board. We have made it very clear that NME will not tolerate ethical misconduct.

Much of our fiscal 1994 efforts have gone into refocusing on the company's
core general hospital business. We now operate 33 domestic and 13 international
general hospitals. We have divested or are in the process of divesting almost
all of our rehabilitation and psychiatric hospitals and have reduced our
involvement in other lines of business.

In fiscal 1994 we completed a series of transactions that simplified NME's
relationship with a former subsidiary, The Hillhaven Corporation, a Tacoma,
Wash.-based owner and operator of nursing centers. NME received $135 million in
cash before taxes from these transactions and reduced contingent liabilities
during fiscal 1994 by approximately $420 million. Although NME is no longer a
lender or lessor to Hillhaven, we now own approximately 33 percent of
Hillhaven's common shares.

In January we sold 28 inpatient physical rehabilitation hospitals and 45
outpatient clinics to HEALTHSOUTH Rehabilitation Corporation for approximately
$350 million. We have kept six physical rehabilitation hospitals located on or
near NME general hospital campuses.

In May NME signed an agreement with DLJ Merchant Banking Partners, L.P. and
affiliated investment partnerships through which they will acquire a
controlling interest in Total Renal Care, Inc. (formerly Medical Ambulatory
Care). Total Renal Care provides dialysis services at 37 outpatient facilities
and on an inpatient basis at 28 hospitals. NME received a $76 million dividend
from the company in August 1994 and retains a 25 percent interest in it.

We have also sold, closed or are in the process of selling or closing nearly
all of our psychiatric hospitals. As of August 12, 1994, we had sold 27
psychiatric facilities to Charter Medical Corporation and 25 facilities to
other buyers. Charter has agreed to buy 20 additional facilities; those sales
are pending. We also intend to sell 11 more facilities to other buyers. We are
retaining four

                                       4
<PAGE>
 
psychiatric hospitals located near NME general hospitals.

As we moved to concentrate our business on our general hospitals and
hospital campuses, we also moved quickly to bring our corporate staffing levels
in line with the new NME. In July with the help of McKinsey & Co., a leading
management consulting firm, we completed a comprehensive analysis of our
corporate, regional and divisional operations, which eliminated about 240
positions. This reorganization will result in a leaner, more efficient central
operation and will reduce annual overhead by approximately $32 million.

Clearly, we've had an extraordinary number of problems to confront and
adjustments to make this year. We even contended with a major earthquake. The
quake didn't affect service at or damage our Southern California hospitals, but
it did result in extensive cosmetic damage at our headquarters.

All this has been played out against a backdrop of enormous, accelerating change
in the health care business. A wave of mergers and takeovers has transformed our
industry, while legislators continue to debate how to provide health care to
more people and how to pay for it.

The changes we're making today at NME will serve us well in the new age of
health care. Already, we are

(Stock price in dollars per share)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 
Date                   Description                               Stock Price 

<S>           <C>                                                  <C>
2/28/92       Earnings outlook revised downward.                   $14.625
 
4/23/92       $250 million charge to divest certain                $14.500
              psych hospitals announced.
 
6/3/92        Psych settlement reached with Texas                  $14.500
              attorney general.
 
7/30/92       Eight insurers sue NME.                              $16.250
 
9/14/92       Two insurers sue NME.                                $13.500
 
11/11/92      Ethics program implemented.                          $13.000
 
1/8/93        Negative Wall Street Journal article on              $ 9.875
              NME published.
 
4/27/93       Stock at 6 1/2 , the lowest level in more            $ 6.500
              than 10 years, on 4/27/93.
 
4/28/93       Barbakow named CEO; Focht COO on 4/28/93.            $ 7.500
 
6/23/93       Restructuring of Hillhaven relationship announced.   $ 9.500
 
8/27/93       Trading resumed after Department of                  $ 7.750
              Justice searches.
 
9/29/93       Settlement reached with three insurers.              $10.000
 
10/28/93      Dividend suspended.                                  $11.250
 
11/16/93      59 psych patient cases settled.                      $11.500
 
12/3/93       Rehab hospitals' sale announced.                     $12.500
 
12/13/93      Settlement reached with 13 insurers.                 $13.625
 
1/11/94       Discontinuance of psych business announced.          $14.625
 
3/8/94        23 psych patient cases settled.                      $16.500
 
3/30/94       Psych hospitals' sale announced.                     $16.500
 
4/5/94        Corporate downsizing announced.                      $16.125
 
4/14/94       Agreement in principle with federal government       $16.875
              announced.
 
4/19/94       Dialysis sale announced.                             $15.375
 
6/28/94       Government settlement finalized.                     $15.875
 
6/30/94       27 psych hospitals sold.                             $15.625
 
7/11/94       Corporate downsizing implemented.                    $16.625
 
8/5/94        Stock closed at 18 1/4 on 8/5/94.                    $18.250
</TABLE>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES' STOCK PRICE: In recent years the company's
stock price has reflected its problemsbut has recovered during the past 15
months as those problems were resolved. NME's stock price increased from 9-1/2
to 16-3/8 in fiscal 1994.

                                       5
<PAGE>
 
pursuing innovative ways to work with the increasingly demanding, powerful
and large groups that buy medical care; we are strengthening our base in the
medical community; and we are actively looking for strategic acquisitions. As
always, we are continually improving our facilities and our patient service, as
well as finding new ways to reduce costs.

We see opportunities to expand internationally. Our existing successful
operations overseas, our resources and our hospital management expertise put us
in a good position to meet growing foreign demand for quality health care.

The investment community has reacted positively to our efforts to refocus
our company. Although we've made substantial progress, we still have much to
do. We must satisfy rapidly changing markets. We must be prepared to adjust to
health care reform at the national and state levels. We must look for ways to
enlarge our company -- through mergers or acquisitions, through the purchase or
lease of single facilities, or through strengthening the provider networks
within our key geographic markets.

Even as we return to our general hospital roots, we realize that running
hospitals is a much different business than it used to be. The economics of
health care has changed the way we operate, while new technology has
transformed the way we care for patients. Although no one yet knows how the
rules will change under health care reform, we can be sure that providing the
best possible care to patients and vigilantly controlling expenses will always
serve us well. We will build our business on these tenets and on a strengthened
ethical foundation.

We thank you, our shareholders, for your support during this critical
period. We also thank NME's employees, their families and our board for their
extra efforts, which have made our company's many accomplishments possible this
year.

Sincerely,

Jeffrey C. Barbakow
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Michael H. Focht Sr.
President and Chief Operating Officer

August 12, 1994

                                       6
<PAGE>
 
Operations Review

In fiscal 1994 we refocused on the profitable core business of National
Medical Enterprises -- general hospitals -- and on our hospital campuses. Today
NME operates 33 general hospitals in six U.S. states and 13 hospitals in four
foreign countries. We spun off most of our long-term-care operations in 1990,
sold most of our physical rehabilitation hospitals in fiscal 1994, and are in
the process of divesting our psychiatric facilities. To maintain strategic
service networks in some key metropolitan areas, we have retained seven
long-term-care facilities, six rehabilitation hospitals and four psychiatric
hospitals on or near our general hospital campuses.

GENERAL HOSPITALS

Amid major changes in the health care industry, our general hospitals
continue to perform well both in the fee-for-service arena and in the managed
care environment.

Admission and utilization rates at our hospitals declined slightly as more
patients utilize managed care. In fiscal 1994 we reduced the impact of these
declines through outstanding expense control. For example, NME works closely
with hospital medical staffs to more effectively manage the use of ancillary
services and supplies. Another important cost-control component is
restructuring the staffing and functions of hospital personnel. A new
multidisciplinary approach to patient care, in place at five NME hospitals,
allows staff to provide more services on the patient floors instead of in
ancillary departments.

Through national purchasing, NME negotiates money-saving contracts for
hospital supplies. For example, we save an average of 30 percent to 40 percent
off the list price on pharmaceuticals and IV therapy products.

Cost control is not the only way to improve our performance. At NME, we've
known for years that the market for traditional fee-for-service medicine will
continue to shrink; managed care is the future of health care. In many areas,
the future is already here. Managed care -- in different forms in different
marketplaces -- is the basis of the development plans of every one of our
hospitals. Our goal is to be a key player in an integrated health care delivery
system.

Toward that end, we are ensuring that NME hospitals can provide effective
capitated services. Under capitation, providers contract with a health plan to
offer comprehensive services to plan members in return for a flat monthly
per-member fee. Consequently, doctors and hospitals share the financial risks
as well as the rewards of capitation. This gives physicians more incentive than
ever to treat patients cost-efficiently and to form physician/hospital
alliances to better manage financial risks.

Providing physicians with access to excellent hospital facilities and staff
always has been central to NME's business philosophy. Today we also provide
specialized management services to help them navigate the increasing
complexities of the health care business under capitation and other forms of
managed care.

Of course, cost-efficiency and physician support are only means to an end:
Outstanding patient care and patient satisfaction is the mission of our
business. To measure satisfaction and further improve our service, this fiscal
year we began a centralized, standardized survey of every patient who stays
overnight or has outpatient surgery at NME hospitals. Results have been
positive and indicate that most patients are very happy with the care at our
hospitals.

                                       7
<PAGE>
 
Additionally, we continue efforts to measure our patients' clinical outcomes
from medical records. Ultimately, we believe patient satisfaction and outcome
study data will provide the kind of information patients and payors look for
when they select hospitals and physicians for their provider networks.

Our acquisition goals, too, focus on expanding NME's role in the integrated
health care system. In May 1994 NME signed an operating lease for the 138-bed
Doctors Hospital of Jefferson near New Orleans that was well-suited to these
goals. NME owns four other general hospitals in the area, along with two
psychiatric hospitals, two long-term-care facilities and one physical
rehabilitation hospital. This move gives our company improved ability to serve
a greater portion of the New Orleans metropolitan area and to develop a
stronger provider network to contract with health plans.

In early fiscal 1995 NME sold Doctors Hospital of Montclair and Ontario
Community Hospital, two smaller Southern California community hospitals that do
not fit in our future of integrated health care.

National Health Plans, an NME subsidiary in Modesto, Calif., the location of
NME's largest domestic hospital, does complement our strategic plans. This
subsidiary has grown dramatically in its decade of involvement in managed care.
Its preferred provider organization (PPO) includes more than 1,500 providers
and serves more than 20,000 members; its health maintenance organization (HMO)
has more than 40,000 members; and its insurance products and services firm
serves approximately 23,000 policyholders. We are expanding National Health
Plans' service area in California and elsewhere and are offering new programs
and products.

Systemwide, we are careful to maintain, upgrade and remodel our hospitals.
Most of our capital expenditures go toward these ends, rather than toward
increasing the number of licensed beds. An important element of modernization,
which also reflects the influence of managed care, is the expansion of
outpatient services at many of our hospitals.

In addition, NME has six medical office buildings under construction to meet
physicians' demands for space near NME hospitals and to serve patients more
conveniently. We currently operate 28 medical office buildings domestically,
most adjacent to our hospitals.

Where there is a need and where market conditions warrant, we continue to
introduce new medical equipment and procedures that promise to improve patient
care and assist our physicians.

For example, two of our more-sophisticated hospitals recently acquired gamma
knives to treat some patients with certain brain tumors and vascular
malformations. With this tool, which is not a knife but a device that focuses
multiple beams of gamma radiation on a precise spot, surgeons can perform brain
surgery in a single short session without opening a patient's skull. Gamma
knives can reduce the attendant risks of neurosurgery and minimize
hospitalization and recovery time. Only 16 other U.S. hospitals have this
equipment.

INTERNATIONAL HOSPITALS

NME is well-positioned to take full advantage of a world of health care
opportunities. In Asia, we are helping to meet the rapidly growing middle
class's demand for quality care. In Australia, NME is modernizing hospitals and
foresees solid growth in the private health care industry. In Europe, where some

                                       8
<PAGE>
 
countries are beginning to shift toward the private sector as an alternative
to overburdened public health systems, we are pursuing selective expansion.

Our Singapore operations, which include two hospitals plus lab and radiology
services, are thriving. They provide a sturdy base for continued development in
Southeast Asia. One of the region's largest private tertiary hospitals, 505-bed
Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore draws 30 percent of its patients from
outside the country and has a reputation as a regional center of medical
excellence. Mount Elizabeth has established medical affiliations with China,
Indonesia, Myanmar and neighboring countries.

Subang Jaya Medical Centre, our successful joint venture in Malaysia, will
expand to 375 beds when it opens a 150-bed inpatient tower in November.

In June 1996 NME will open and manage another Asian venture -- the 554-bed
Bumrungrad Hospital in Bangkok. We own 40 percent of the project, which will be
Thailand's largest private hospital. We plan further expansion in Malaysia and
Thailand. Other countries we're examining include Indonesia, India and China.

NME owns 52 percent of Australian Medical Enterprises Limited (AME), which
has been expanding and upgrading its nine hospitals and improving its
successful pathology business. The company issued new shares in June 1994 to
raise funds for expansion. Additionally, AME is building the 202-bed St. George
Medical Complex adjacent to one of metropolitan Sydney's leading public
teaching hospitals. Scheduled to open in late 1995, it will be one of
Australia's largest private hospitals.

NME has just begun to operate private hospitals in Europe. In June 1994 we
assumed full ownership of Centro Medico Teknon, a 184-bed, full-service
hospital in Barcelona, Spain. We previously owned 50 percent of the hospital,
which opened in February 1994.

Internationally and domestically, NME's 35,000 employees continue to work
closely with physicians to find new ways to better serve our patients and to
adapt successfully to the world's changing health care delivery systems. The
result should be high-quality health care and satisfied patients.

                                       9
<PAGE>
 
Selected Financial Data and Ratios
Continuing Operations

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                           Years Ended May 31,  
(dollar amounts, except per-share       -------------------------------------------------------------
amounts, are expressed in millions)        1994          1993         1992         1991          1990
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>           <C> 
Operating Results
Net operating revenues                   $2,967        $3,191       $2,941       $2,610        $2,917
Total costs and expenses(1)              (2,723)       (2,915)      (2,642)      (2,394)       (2,746)
Investment earnings                          28            21           29           29            29
Gain on sale of subsidiary's 
  common stock                                0            29            0            0             0
Net gain on disposals of facilities 
  and long-term investments                  88            93           31            0             0
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Income from continuing operations           360           419          359          245           200
Taxes on income                            (144)         (155)        (141)        (100)          (77)
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Income from continuing operations           216           264          218          145           123
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings per share from continuing 
  operations:
    Primary                                1.29          1.59         1.27         0.91          0.78
    Fully diluted                          1.23          1.49         1.19         0.87          0.76
Cash dividends per common share            0.12          0.48         0.46         0.40          0.36
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data
Total assets                              3,697         4,173        4,236        4,060         3,807
Long-term debt                              223           892        1,066        1,140         1,361
Total debt                                  834         1,177        1,305        1,243         1,638
Stockholders' equity                      1,320         1,752        1,674        1,762         1,257
Book value per common share                7.95         10.56        10.03        10.08          7.97
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratios
Pretax margin                              12.1%         13.1%        12.2%         9.4%          6.9%
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Current ratio                            0.88/1        1.17/1       1.26/1       1.58/1        1.36/1
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Total debt/equity ratio                  0.63/1        0.67/1       0.78/1       0.71/1        1.30/1
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Return on assets, after tax                 5.5%          6.2%         5.3%         3.7%          3.2%
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Return on equity, after tax                13.8%         15.2%        12.2%        10.4%          9.9%
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
Interest expense coverage                   6.1           6.6          5.0          3.0           2.5
                                         ------------------------------------------------------------
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE> 

(1) Total costs and expenses for 1994, 1993 and 1992 include unusual
    restructuring charges of $77 million, $52 million and $18 million
    respectively, which are explained elsewhere in this report.

                                       10
<PAGE>
 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations

(All references to years are to fiscal years, and all note references are to
the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)

Liquidity and Capital Resources

A number of events occurred in 1994 that had a significant impact on the
Company's financial statements, liquidity and results of operations. These
events included the settlement of insurance company litigation, settlement of
the government investigations, adoption of a formal plan to discontinue the
psychiatric hospital business, the sale of most of the Company's rehabilitation
hospitals, and a corporate restructuring to significantly reduce overhead.

In November 1993 and in February 1994 the Company executed settlement
agreements covering the three lawsuits previously filed by several insurance
companies. Under the settlements, the Company paid an aggregate of $214.9
million as complete and final resolution of these disputed claims alleging that
certain psychiatric hospitals engaged in fraudulent practices.

In June 1994 the Company agreed to settle for $362.7 million all
investigations by federal government agencies and in May 1994 reached
agreements in principle with 27 states and the District of Columbia to settle
all investigations by them for $16.3 million. (See Note 7B).

In April 1994 the Company announced and initiated a formal plan to reduce
corporate and division staffing levels, to review the resulting office space
needs of all corporate operations, and to otherwise lower the Company's
corporate overhead. As a result, the Company announced in July 1994 that 240
staff positions were being eliminated and that it had decided to sell its
corporate headquarters building and to lease less office space in that building
or at an alternative site. A reserve of $77 million was recorded in the quarter
ended May 31, 1994, to cover the costs of a write-down of the building,
employee severance benefits and other expenses directly related to the overhead
reduction plan. The Company expects its annual overhead savings from
implementation of this plan to approximate $32 million and that the sale of its
corporate headquarters building, which may take two years to consummate, should
generate after-tax proceeds in excess of $40 million.

The Company's cash and cash equivalents at May 31, 1994, were $313 million,
an increase of $172 million over May 31, 1993. The ratio of total debt to
equity was 0.63:1, compared with 0.67:1 at May 31, 1993, and 0.78:1 at May 31,
1992. Working capital (deficit) at May 31, 1994, was ($196) million, compared
with $155 million at May 31, 1993, and $223 million at May 31, 1992. The
principal reasons for the decline in working capital in 1994 were 1) a $424
million increase in current portion of long-term debt, most of which matures in
April 1995, and 2) a $393 million increase in current reserves related to
discontinued operations and restructuring charges.

During 1994 net cash provided by operating activities was $466 million
before pretax expenditures of $319 million related to the discontinued
psychiatric hospital business and for restructuring charges. (See Notes 2 and
16.) Corresponding figures for 1993 were $494 million and $96 million,
respectively. In 1992 they were $583 million and $24 million, respectively.

Proceeds from the sales of facilities, investments and other assets were
$569 million during 1994, compared with $70 million in 1993 and $109 million in
1992. Sales in 1994 included 23 long-term-care facilities previously leased to
The Hillhaven Corporation, 29 inpatient rehabilitation hospitals and 45 related
satellite outpatient clinics, 15 psychiatric facilities and one general
hospital. In June 1994 the Company sold 31 more psychiatric facilities for $137
million in cash. The Company has agreed to sell 20 more psychiatric facilities
for $71 million in cash. (See Note 2.) In August 1994 the Company received a
$75.5 million dividend from a wholly owned subsidiary in connection with a
debt/equity offering in which the Company's interest in the subsidiary will be
reduced to approximately 25%. (See Notes 13 and 15.)

Cash payments for property, plant and equipment were $185 million in 1994,
compared with $319 million in 1993 and $421 million in 1992. The estimated cost
to complete major approved construction projects at wholly owned subsidiaries
is approximately $120 million, all of which is related to expansion,
improvement and equipping of existing domestic hospital facilities, and the
significant portion of which will be spent over the next three years. The
Company expects to finance all such expenditures with either internally
generated or borrowed funds. The Company intends to continue to invest
domestically and internationally in existing and new facilities within its
existing health care business.

During 1994 the Company had a net reduction in current and long-term debt of
approximately $337 million. In September 1993 the Company repaid $50 million of
its then-outstanding bank borrowings under its unsecured revolving credit and
term loan agreement and refinanced the $246.2 million balance of such loans
with new term loans maturing in April 1995 and requiring quarterly installments
aggregating $56.4 million through February 1995. These loans were repaid in
April 1994 with $222 million in loans under a new $464.7 million revolving
credit and letter of credit agreement with four banks. Indebtedness under the
new agreement is secured by a pledge of all the outstanding capital stock of a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which also guarantees the loans. The
new agreement also provides for $242.7 million in letters of credit to support
certain of the

                                       11
<PAGE>
 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations

Company's obligations relating to commercial paper and remarketable bond
programs. All of the outstanding revolving loans under the new agreement mature
on April 12, 1995, and there are no earlier installments of principal due or
reductions of availability. The Company has no unused revolving credit
availability under the new agreement and has no other unused committed credit
facilities.

The Company is having discussions with several banks regarding the
establishment of new lines of credit that could be utilized to repay the
current portion of long-term debt, most of which matures in April 1995, and
believes that, based on the progress to date of these discussions, such new
lines of credit will be available if needed.

In June 1993 Moody's Investors Service, Inc. lowered its rating on the
Company's senior debt from Baa1 to Baa3 and in August 1993 placed the Baa3
rating under review for possible further downgrading. In September 1993
Standard and Poor's Corporation lowered its rating on the Company's senior debt
from BBB- to BB. In April 1994 the BB rating was upgraded to BB+.

The Company suspended the payment of quarterly dividends in October 1993.

Management believes that patient volumes, cash flows and operating results
at the Company's principal health care businesses have been adversely affected
by the legal proceedings and investigations described elsewhere in this annual
report. The most significant of these legal proceedings and investigations have
now been resolved. The Company has recorded reserves for the remaining legal
proceedings not yet settled as of May 31, 1994, and an estimate of the legal
fees related to these matters to be incurred subsequent to May 31, 1994,
totaling approximately $81 million, of which $69 million is expected to be paid
within one year. These reserves represent management's estimate of the net
costs of the ultimate disposition of these matters. However, there can be no
assurance that the ultimate liability will not exceed such estimates.

The Company's liquidity, including cash proceeds from operating activities,
anticipated disposals of assets and the realization of current deferred tax
assets ($372 million), is believed to be adequate to finance planned capital
expenditures and known operating needs, including the settlements of the
federal and state investigations and other unusual legal proceedings referred
to herein.

Results of Operations

The most significant transactions affecting the results of continuing
operations were the sale of most of the Company's rehabilitation hospitals and
related outpatient clinics in 1994 (see Note 13) and other unusual pretax items
as shown below.

Table I   Unusual Items -- Continuing Operations:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
          (in millions)                                      1994   1993   1992
          ---------------------------------------------------------------------
          <S>                                                <C>    <C>    <C> 
          Gains on sales of facilities and long-term 
           investments (see Note 13)                           88     93     31
  
          Gain on sale of subsidiary's stock (see Note 15)     --     29     --
         
          Restructuring charges (see Note 16)                $(77)  $(52)  $(18)
                                                             ------------------
            Net unusual pretax items (after-tax $0.04 
             fully diluted per share in 1994, $0.30 in 
             1993and $0.04 in 1992)                           $11    $70   $ 13
                                                             ==================
</TABLE> 

In November 1993 the Company decided to discontinue its psychiatric hospital
business and adopted a plan to dispose of its psychiatric hospitals and
substance abuse recovery facilities within one year. In 1994 the Company had a
loss from the psychiatric operations of $701 million net of income tax benefits
of $412 million. The loss includes the costs of settling federal and state
investigations of the psychiatric business, provisions for losses during the
phase-out period, including the costs of settling unusual psychiatric
litigation, and the write-down of assets to net realizable value. Losses from
discontinued operations in 1993 and 1992 were $104 million and $85 million, net
of income tax benefits, respectively. Results for 1993 and 1992 have been
restated to reflect the operating results for the discontinued business
separately from continuing operations.

                                       12
<PAGE>
 
Income from continuing operations before income taxes and cumulative effect
of a change in accounting was $360 million in 1994, compared with $419 million
and $359 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively. Excluding the unusual items as
shown in Table I, income from continuing operations before income taxes and
cumulative effect of a change in accounting would have been $349 million in
both 1994 and 1993 and $346 million in 1992.

Net operating revenues and operating profits from continuing operations
before interest are shown in Table II. The revenues and expenses of the sold
rehabilitation hospitals and related outpatient clinics are included in the
Company's results of operations through December 1993. Net operating revenues
of the sold facilities were $266 million in 1994 and $470 million in 1993.
Pretax income of the sold facilities, before general corporate overhead costs,
was $22 million in 1994 and $55 million in 1993.

Table II    Operating Revenues and Profits:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                     Increase (Decrease)
                                                                        1993 to 1994
                                                                     -------------------
            (in millions)                  1994     1993     1992     Amount    Percent
            ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
            <S>                           <C>      <C>      <C>       <C>       <C> 
            Net Operating Revenues:
              Hospitals                   $2,807   $2,979   $2,757     $(172)        (6)%
              Other Businesses               160      212      184       (52)       (25)%
                                          ----------------------------------------------
                 Total                    $2,967   $3,191   $2,941     $(224)        (7)%
                                          ==============================================
</TABLE> 
           Operating Profits Before 
             Interest and Net 
             Unusual Items (Table I):
<TABLE> 
              <S>                           <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>      
              Hospitals                     $358     $359     $369       $(1)        --
              Other Businesses                42       54       44       (12)       (22)%
                                          ----------------------------------------------
                 Total                      $400     $413     $413      $(13)        (3)%
                                          ==============================================
</TABLE> 
The hospital line of business includes primarily the operations of the
Company's domestic and international general hospitals, its rehabilitation
hospitals and the management services business. Net operating revenues
decreased in 1994 due to the sale of the rehabilitation facilities. Operating
profits were virtually unchanged from the prior year. The hospitals' operating
profit margin was 12.8% in 1994, compared with 12.1% in 1993 and 13.4% in 1992.
The operating profit margin increase from 1993 to 1994 was primarily due to
more effective cost-control programs and the sale of the rehabilitation
hospitals, which, as a whole, had lower margins than the general hospitals.

Selected statistics for domestic general hospital operations are shown below:

Table III
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                        Increase
                                                                                      (Decrease)
                                                                                         1993 to
                                                     1994         1993        1992          1994
              ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              <S>                                  <C>          <C>          <C>        <C> 
              General Hospitals:
                Facilities owned or operated           35           35            35          --
                Year-end licensed beds              6,873        6,818         6,559         0.8%
                Average licensed beds in period     6,760        6,811         6,563        (0.7)%
                Average occupancy                    46.8%        47.8%         50.5%       (1.0)%*
                Patient days                    1,154,030    1,187,181     1,211,187        (2.8)%
                Net inpatient revenues 
                 (in millions)                     $1,568       $1,529        $1,445         2.6%
                Net inpatient revenue per 
                 patient day                       $1,359       $1,288        $1,193         5.5%
                Admissions                        207,868      210,669       208,307        (1.3)%
                Average length of stay (days)         5.6          5.6           5.8          --
                Net outpatient revenues 
                 (in millions)                       $557         $535          $465         4.1%
                  % of net patient revenues 
                 from Medicare and Medicaid          44.4%        41.4%         38.5%        3.0%*
</TABLE> 
*This % change is the difference between the 1994 and 1993 percentages shown.

                                       13
<PAGE>
 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations

Domestic General Hospitals

Domestic general hospital net patient revenues were $2.1 billion in 1994 and
1993 and $1.9 billion in 1992. There continue to be increases in inpatient
acuity and intensity of services and higher inpatient revenue per patient day
as less intensive services shift from an inpatient to an outpatient basis or to
alternative health care delivery services because of technology improvements
and as cost controls by payors become greater. Allowances and discounts are
expected to continue to rise because of increasing cost controls by government
and group health payors and because the percentage of business from managed
care programs (and related discounts) continues to grow.

The Medicare program accounted for approximately 36% of the net patient
revenues of the domestic general hospitals in 1994 and 34% and 32% in 1993 and
1992, respectively. Historically, rates paid under the Medicare's prospective
payment system have increased, but such increases have been less than cost
increases.

The general hospital industry in the United States and the Company's general
hospitals continue to have significant unused capacity, and thus there is
substantial competition for patients. Inpatient utilization continues to be
negatively affected by payor-required pre-admission authorization and by payor
pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative health care delivery services
for less acutely ill patients. Increased competition, admissions constraints
and payor pressures are expected to continue. The Company offers discounts to
private payor groups, enters into capitation contracts in some service areas,
upgrades facilities and equipment and offers new programs and services. The
Company has been implementing various cost-control programs focused on reducing
operating costs. The Company's general hospitals have been successful in
increasing operating profits in a very competitive environment, due in large
part to enhanced cost control and efficiencies being achieved throughout the
Company. The Company, however, does not expect to be able to sustain the growth
rates from its existing domestic general hospitals that were achieved in recent
years.

Psychiatric Hospitals

Psychiatric hospitals' statistics and commentary have not been included
herein because of the Company's decision on November 30, 1993, to discontinue
its psychiatric hospital business by disposing of its psychiatric hospitals and
substance abuse recovery facilities. The Company entered into two separate
asset sale agreements, each dated as of March 1994, to sell 47 psychiatric
facilities, and the Company currently has reached an agreement to sell or is
negotiating with various other parties for the sale of 10 psychiatric hospitals
and is seeking a buyer for one other facility. (See Note 2.) Even though the
Company will continue to operate its psychiatric hospital business until the
completion of the divestiture program, the expected results of operations
already have been reported as discontinued operations in the Company's
financial statements.

The action to discontinue its psychiatric hospital business and the sale of
the psychiatric and off-campus rehabilitation hospitals described above
comprise significant elements of the Company's previously announced decision to
focus on its core general hospital business.

Other Businesses

During 1994 other businesses included the operating results of the Company's
dialysis centers, seven domestic long-term-care facilities, the Company's
equity interest in the net income of The Hillhaven Corporation, loan and lease
guarantee fees from Hillhaven, leasing of long-term-care facilities and
retirement centers to Hillhaven, the Company's equity interest in the net
income of Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC, and other smaller businesses.

Most of the declines in net operating revenues of other businesses for the
1994 year compared with the 1993 year are due to a reduction in the Company's
ownership of Westminster from approximately 90% to approximately 42% and the
restructuring of its relationship with Hillhaven described below. Operating
profits have been affected for the same reasons.

                                       14
<PAGE>
 
In September 1993 the Company and Hillhaven substantially completed a series
of transactions that resulted in: 1) the Company selling to Hillhaven all
remaining leased long-term-care nursing facilities, and no longer being a
lessor to Hillhaven, but remaining a significant holder of Hillhaven common and
preferred stock; 2) all indebtedness owed to the Company from Hillhaven being
paid in full; and 3) reducing Hillhaven obligations guaranteed by the Company.
After reflecting these transactions, including the sale of long-term-care
facilities to Hillhaven, the Company's lease income for 1994 was $3 million,
compared with $20 million in 1993. The Company's equity in Hillhaven's net
income was $15 million in 1994, compared with $8 million in 1993. The
significant increase in equity earnings is due to Hillhaven's improved overall
earnings and the Company's increasing its investment in Hillhaven in 1994. (See
Note 14.)

In May 1994 the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which DLJ
Merchant Banking Funding, Inc. and certain of its affiliates will acquire a
controlling interest in the Company's wholly owned subsidiary that operates its
dialysis centers. After completion of the transaction in August 1994, the
Company will own approximately 25% of the outstanding common stock of the
subsidiary. Thereafter, the Company's share of the operating results of the
subsidiary will be recognized using the equity method of accounting and is
expected to be minimal in 1995. Net operating revenues of the subsidiary were
$80.5 million in 1994, and net income was $5.7 million. (See Note 15.)

Other Operating Results

Depreciation and amortization expense as a percentage of net operating
revenues was 5.4% in 1994, 5.0% in 1993 and 4.8% in 1992. Interest expense was
2.4% in 1994 and 1993 and 3.0% in 1992.

Investment earnings were $28 million in 1994, $21 million in 1993 and $29
million in 1992, and were derived primarily from notes receivable and
investments in short-term marketable securities. Effective tax rates on income
from continuing operations before extraordinary charges were 40.0% in 1994,
37.0% in 1993 and 39.3% in 1992. The 1993 effective rate on pretax income from
continuing operations excluding the gain on the sale of Westminster's common
stock would have been 39.7%. (See Note 15.)

The financial statements reflect operating and depreciation expenses based
on historical cost. Except for depreciation expense, the expenses are recorded
in the amounts approximating current purchasing power. Depreciation expense
would be greater if based on current costs of the Company's property, plant and
equipment rather than historical costs. The Company mitigates the impact of
inflation on its operating costs and provision for depreciation by price
increases and by continuing renovation and replacement of the physical plant
and equipment. As a result, the Company believes that inflation does not have a
significant impact on its earnings, except when Medicare and Medicaid rate
increases are inadequate in relation to rising costs and when other payors also
implement programs to control their health costs as discussed above.

Business Outlook

Because of intense national, state and private industry efforts to reform
the health care delivery and payment systems in this country, the health care
industry as a whole faces increased uncertainty. While the Company is unable to
predict which, if any, proposals for health care reform will be adopted, it
continues to monitor their progress and analyze their potential impacts in
order to formulate its future business strategies.

Another factor impacting operating results is the slow recovery of the
California economy from the recent recession. At May 31, 1994, 43% of the
Company's domestic general hospital beds were in California.

The challenge facing the Company and the health care industry is to continue
to provide quality patient care in an environment of rising costs, strong
competition for patients, and a general reduction of reimbursement by both
private and government payors.

                                       15
<PAGE>
 
Consolidated Statements of Operations

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                            Years Ended May 31,
(dollar amounts, except per-share amounts,       ------------------------------------------
are expressed in millions)                             1994            1993            1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>             <C>             <C> 
Net operating revenues                               $2,967          $3,191          $2,941
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Operating and administrative expenses                (2,492)         (2,680)         (2,412)
Depreciation and amortization                          (161)           (160)           (141)
Interest, net of capitalized portion 
  ($4 in 1994, $9 in 1993, $11 in 1992)                 (70)            (75)            (89)
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Total costs and expenses                             (2,723)         (2,915)         (2,642)
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Investment earnings                                      28              21              29
Net gain on disposals of facilities 
  and long-term investments                              88              93              31
Gain on sale of subsidiary's 
  common stock                                            0              29               0
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Income from continuing operations 
  before income taxes                                   360             419             359
Taxes on income                                        (144)           (155)           (141)
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Income from continuing operations                       216             264             218
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Discontinued operations                                (701)           (104)            (85)
Extraordinary charges -- net of tax                       0               0             (29)
Cumulative effect of a change 
  in accounting for income taxes                         60               0               0
                                                 ------------------------------------------
Net income (loss)                                     $(425)           $160            $104
                                                 ==========================================
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Primary:
    Continuing operations                             $1.29           $1.59           $1.27
    Discontinued operations                           (4.19)          (0.63)          (0.50)
    Extraordinary charges                              0.00            0.00           (0.17)
    Cumulative effect of a change 
      in accounting principle                          0.36            0.00            0.00
                                                 ------------------------------------------
                                                     $(2.54)          $0.96           $0.60
                                                 ==========================================
  Fully diluted:
    Continuing operations                             $1.23           $1.49           $1.19
    Discontinued operations                           (4.10)          (0.58)          (0.44)
    Extraordinary charges                              0.00            0.00           (0.15)
    Cumulative effect of a change 
      in accounting principle                          0.33            0.00            0.00
                                                 ------------------------------------------
                                                     $(2.54)          $0.91           $0.60
                                                 ==========================================
Weighted average shares and share 
  equivalents outstanding--primary 
  (in thousands)                                    167,024         166,111         171,853
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE> 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       16
<PAGE>
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                  May 31,
                                                        -----------------------
(dollar amounts are expressed in millions)                      1994       1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C> 
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                   $  313     $  141
  Short-term investments, at 
    cost which approximates market                                60         98
  Accounts and notes receivable, 
    less allowance for doubtful accounts 
    ($77 in 1994and $115 in 1993)                                385        502
  Inventories of supplies, at cost                                55         62
  Deferred income taxes                                          372        120
  Assets held for sale                                           204         56
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                       55         89
                                                        -----------------------
      Total current assets                                     1,444      1,068
                                                        -----------------------
Long-term receivables                                             73        190
Investments and other assets                                     309        205
Property, plant and equipment, net                             1,764      2,492
Intangible assets, at cost, less accumulated 
  amortization ($54 in 1994 and $176 in 1993)                    107        218
                                                        -----------------------
                                                              $3,697     $4,173
                                                        =======================
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings and notes                             $   67    $   163
  Accounts payable                                               176        140
  Employee compensation and benefits                              93        104
  Reserves related to discontinued operations                    465        101
  Other current liabilities                                      236        254
  Income taxes                                                    58         30
  Current portion of long-term debt                              545        121
                                                        -----------------------  
      Total current liabilities                                1,640        913
                                                        -----------------------
Long-term debt, net of current portion                           223        892
Other long-term liabilities                                      389        299
Deferred income taxes                                            125        317

Commitments and contingencies 
  (see accompanying notes)
Stockholders' equity:
  Common stock, $0.075 par value; authorized 
    450,000,000 shares; 185,587,666 shares
    issued at May 31, 1994, and 185,698,524 
    shares at May 31, 1993                                        14         14
  Additional paid-in-capital                                   1,015      1,007
  Notes receivable on exercise of stock 
   options                                                        (2)        (2)
  Retained earnings                                              575      1,019
  Less common stock in treasury, at cost, 
    19,507,161 shares at May 31, 1994,
    and 19,800,103 at May 31, 1993                              (282)      (286)
                                                        -----------------------
      Total stockholders' equity                               1,320      1,752
                                                        -----------------------
                                                              $3,697     $4,173
                                                        =======================
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE> 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       17
<PAGE>
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                          Years Ended May 31,
                                                   ------------------------------ 
(dollar amounts are expressed in millions)              1994      1993       1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>       <C>        <C> 
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
Net income (loss)                                      $(425)    $ 160      $ 104
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) 
  to net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                        198       199        196
    Deferred income taxes                               (253)      (32)       (96)
    Gains on sales of facilities and long-term 
      investments                                        (88)      (93)       (31)
    Gain on sale of subsidiary's common stock              0       (29)         0
    Extraordinary charges                                  0         0         34
    Additions to reserves related to discontinued 
      operations andrestructuring charges              1,175       189        218
    Cumulative change in accounting principle            (60)        0          0
    Other items                                           38        33         35
Increases (decreases) in cash from changes in 
  operating assets and liabilities, net of 
  effects from purchases of new businesses:
    Accounts and notes receivable, net                   (65)       65         46
    Inventories, prepaid expenses and other 
      current assets                                     (21)      (43)       (13)
    Accounts payable, accrued expenses and 
      income taxes payable                               (31)       21         55
    Noncurrent accrued expenses and other 
      liabilities                                         (2)       24         35
                                                   ------------------------------
    Net cash provided by operating activities, 
      before expenditures for discontinued 
      operations and restructuring charges               466       494        583
    Net expenditures for discontinued 
      operations and restructuring charges              (319)      (96)       (24)
                                                   ------------------------------
    Net cash provided by operating activities            147       398        559
                                                   ------------------------------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
Purchases of property, plant and equipment              (185)     (319)      (421)
Purchases of new businesses, net of cash acquired         (5)       (3)       (14)
Proceeds from sales of facilities, investments 
  and other assets                                       569        70        109
Investments in Hillhaven                                 (63)        0          0
Collections on notes                                     100        27         74
Increase in intangible and other assets                  (24)      (29)       (53)
Increase in notes receivable                              (4)      (21)       (24)
Equity investments in partnerships                       (11)       (8)         0
Other items                                                9       (16)        (8)
                                                   ------------------------------
    Net cash provided by (used in) investing 
       activities                                        386      (299)      (337)
                                                   ------------------------------
</TABLE> 

                                       18
<PAGE>
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                           Years Ended May 31,
                                                      ---------------------------
(dollar amounts are expressed in millions)                1994     1993      1992
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>      <C>       <C>       
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
Net proceeds from (payments of) unsecured 
  lines of credit and reverse purchase agreements         (151)     (10)      220
Payments of other borrowings                              (217)     (93)     (103)
Proceeds from other borrowings                              31      131       271
Redemptions of notes and debentures                          0        0      (383)
Cash dividends paid to shareholders                        (40)     (78)      (76)
Purchases of treasury stock                                  0      (19)     (150)
Other items                                                 16       (3)       (3)
                                                      ---------------------------
  Net cash used in financing activities                   (361)     (72)     (224)
                                                      ---------------------------
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 
    equivalents                                            172       27        (2)
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
    of year                                                141      114       116
                                                      ---------------------------
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year               $ 313    $ 141     $ 114
                                                      ===========================     
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental Disclosures:
Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized                $  62    $  87     $  78
Income taxes paid                                           30      125       186
Notes received in connection with sales 
  of facilities                                              0       92         4
Conversions of notes and debentures into 
  common stock                                               0        0        15
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE> 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       19
<PAGE>
 
Consolidated Statements of Changes      
in Stockholders' Equity    

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                Years Ended May 31, 1992, 1993, 1994
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Common Stock                          Stock
                                                ----------------------  Additional       Option 
(dollar amounts are expressed in millions,      Outstanding     Issued     Paid-in        Notes    Retained    Treasury
share amounts in thousands)                          Shares     Amount     Capital   Receivable    Earnings       Stock
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>             <C>     <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>          
Balances, May 31, 1991                              174,765        $14      $  969         $(2)      $  914       $(133)
  Net income                                                                                            104
  Cash dividends ($0.46 per share)                                                                      (79)
  Purchases of treasury stock                        (9,288)                                                       (150)
  Stock options exercised                               457                      6          (2)                       2
  Notes receivable collections                                                               2
  Restricted share awards, net of 
    cancellations                                       129                     13                                    1
  Conversions of notes and 
    debentures                                          915                      8                                    7
  Other                                                 (15)
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, May 31, 1992                              166,963         14         996          (2)         939        (273)
  Net income                                                                                            160
  Cash dividends ($0.48 per share)                                                                      (80)
  Purchases of treasury stock                        (1,034)                                                        (15)
  Stock options exercised                                36                                                           1
  Restricted share cancellations                        (67)                    11                                    1
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, May 31, 1993                              165,898         14       1,007          (2)       1,019        (286)
  Net loss                                                                                             (425)
  Cash dividends ($0.12 per share)                                                                      (19)
  Stock options exercised                               293                     (1)                                   4
  Restricted share cancellations                       (110)                     9
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, May 31, 1994                              166,081        $14      $1,015         $(2)      $  575       $(282)
                                                    ===================================================================
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE> 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       20
<PAGE>
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies

A. Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of National
Medical Enterprises, Inc. and its wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.
Investments in other affiliated companies are accounted for by the equity
method. Significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in
consolidation.

The Company is primarily engaged in the operation of domestic and
international general hospitals. During 1994 the Company sold most of its
physical rehabilitation hospitals and decided to discontinue its psychiatric
hospital business, adopting a plan to dispose of its psychiatric hospitals and
substance abuse recovery facilities within one year. (See Note 2.)

B. Net Operating Revenues

These revenues consist primarily of net patient service revenues, which are
based on the hospitals' established billing rates less allowances and discounts
principally for patients covered by Medicare, Medicaid and other contractual
programs. These allowances and discounts were $2.7 billion, $2.6 billion and
$2.3 billion for the years ended May 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Payments under these programs are based on either predetermined rates or the
costs of services. Settlements for retrospectively determined rates are
estimated in the period the related services are rendered and are adjusted in
future periods as final settlements are determined. Management believes that
adequate provision has been made for adjustments that may result from final
determination of amounts earned under these programs. Approximately 40% of
fiscal 1994 consolidated net operating revenues is from participation of
domestic general and physical rehabilitation hospitals in Medicare and Medicaid
programs. In 1993 it was approximately 37%, and in 1992 it was approximately
35%.

The Company provides care to patients who meet certain financial or economic
criteria without charge or at amounts substantially less than its established
rates. Because the Company does not pursue collection of amounts determined to
qualify as charity care, they are not reported as gross revenue and are not
included in deductions from revenue or in operating and administrative expenses.

C. Provision for Doubtful Accounts

A provision for estimated uncollectible accounts and notes receivable, net
of recoveries, is included in operating and administrative expenses and was
$107 million, $115 million and $123 million for 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.

D. Property, Plant and Equipment

The Company uses the straight-line method of depreciation for buildings,
improvements and equipment over their estimated useful lives as follows:
buildings and improvements -- generally 25 to 50 years; equipment -- three to
15 years.

E. Intangible Assets

Preopening costs generally are amortized over four years. Costs in excess of
the fair value of identifiable net assets of purchased businesses generally are
amortized over 40 years. Deferred financing costs and the costs of acquiring
certain management contracts are amortized over the lives of the related loans
or contracts. The straight-line method is used to amortize most intangible
assets.

F. Stock Benefit Plans

The fair market value of restricted shares on the date of award and the fair
market value of the Company's common shares on the date of grant of discounted
stock options in excess of the exercise price are expensed, with appropriate
credits to additional paid-in capital, over the periods that the restrictions
as to forfeiture or exercise lapse. For restricted units, an amount equivalent
to the fair market value of shares of the Company's common stock on the date of
vesting, subject to a maximum amount, is expensed over the vesting period. (See
Note 10.)

G. Leases

Capital leases are recorded at the beginning of the lease term as assets and
liabilities at the lower of the present value of the minimum lease payments or
the fair value of the assets.

H. Cash Equivalents

The Company treats highly liquid investments with an original maturity of
three months or less as cash equivalents.

I. Interest Rate Swap Agreements

The differential to be paid or received under interest rate swap agreements
is accrued as the interest rates change and is recognized over the life of the
agreements as an adjustment to interest expense. (See Note 8B.)

                                       21
<PAGE>
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

J. Sales of Common Stock of Subsidiaries

At the time a subsidiary sells existing or newly issued common stock to
unrelated parties at a price in excess of its book value, the Company's policy
is to record a gain reflecting its share of the increase in the subsidiary's
stockholders' equity resulting from the sale. (See Note 15.)

K. Translation of Foreign Currencies

The financial statements of the Company's foreign subsidiaries have been
translated into U.S. dollars in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 52. All balance sheet accounts have been translated at
fiscal year-end exchange rates. Income statement amounts have been translated
at the average exchange rate for the year. The resulting currency translation
adjustments and the effect of transaction gains and losses are insignificant
for all years presented.

Note 2 Discontinued Operations -- Psychiatric Hospital Business

At November 30, 1993, the Company decided to discontinue its psychiatric
hospital business and adopted a plan to dispose of its psychiatric hospitals
and substance abuse recovery facilities within one year. Also, in connection
with the settlement of federal investigations of the Company described in Note
7B, the Company agreed to dispose of its psychiatric hospital business and not
to re-enter such business for five years. The Consolidated Statements of
Operations reflect the net operating results of the discontinued business
separately from continuing operations, and previously issued financial
statements have been restated to report these operations as discontinued.
Operating results for periods subsequent to November 30, 1993, are charged to
the reserve for estimated operating losses during the phase-out period. The
discontinued operations are summarized as follows:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

                                                          Twelve Months Ended May 31,
(in millions)                                                1994    1993     1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>      <C>     <C> 
Net operating revenues                                      $ 476    $ 571   $1,010
Loss from operations:
  Loss before income taxes                                   (266)    (160)    (129)
  Income tax benefit                                          111       56       44
                                                            -----------------------
                                                             (155)    (104)     (85)
                                                            -----------------------
Loss on disposal:
  Estimated losses upon disposal                             (414)      --       --
  Estimated operating losses during the phase-out period     (433)      --       --
  Income tax benefit                                          301       --       --
                                                            -----------------------
                                                             (546)      --       --
                                                            -----------------------
Total loss from discontinued operations                     $(701)   $(104)    $(85)
                                                            =======================
</TABLE> 

The estimated losses upon disposal consist primarily of provisions for the
write-down of assets to estimated net realizable value and other costs
associated with the disposal of assets. The estimated net realizable value is
included in assets held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet. The estimated operating losses during the phase-out period include the
costs of settling federal and state investigations and other unusual legal
costs related to the psychiatric hospital business. The loss from operations
also includes provisions for unusual legal costs and certain asset write-downs
related to the psychiatric business that were recorded prior to November 30,
1993. (See Note 7B.)

The Company entered into two separate sale agreements, each dated as of
March 29, 1994, to sell 47 psychiatric facilities to Charter Medical
Corporation for approximately $200 million, including the net book values of
certain inventory, receivables and other items of working capital, subject to
certain adjustments. One agreement provides for the sale of 30 hospitals for an
approximate sales price of $134 million. In June 1994 the Company sold 27 of
the 30 hospitals for a sales price of approximately $129 million. The sales of
the remaining three hospitals are anticipated to close in the near future. The
second agreement provides for the sale of 17 psychiatric hospitals. The Federal
Trade Commission (FTC) issued a request for additional information regarding

                                       22
<PAGE>
 
these remaining hospitals. The Company and Charter are responding to the
FTC's request. No specific date has been set to close these sales, except that
if such closings do not occur prior to September 30, 1994, and the parties do
not extend that date, the agreement will terminate on September 30. Based on
discussions to date with the FTC, the Company believes it may not be able to
sell at least five facilities to Charter. However, it believes it will receive
similar proceeds upon their sale to other parties.

During fiscal year 1994 and through July 27, 1994, the Company sold an
additional 16 psychiatric hospitals, two substance abuse recovery facilities
and one residential treatment center to other parties. The aggregate sales
price for the 19 facilities approximated $44 million. The Company currently has
reached an agreement to sell or is negotiating with various other parties for
the sale of 10 psychiatric hospitals and is seeking a buyer for one other
facility.

Note 3 Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and
interest payable approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these
instruments. The carrying values of investments, both short-term and long-term
(excluding investments accounted for by the equity method), long-term
receivables and long-term debt are not materially different than the estimated
fair values of these instruments. The estimated fair values of interest rate
swap agreements and foreign currency contracts also are not material to the
Company's financial position.

Note 4 Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost and consists of the
following:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

(in millions)                                                       1994    1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                               <C>     <C> 
Land                                                              $  173  $  249
Buildings and improvements                                         1,388   1,957
Construction in progress                                              59      47
Equipment                                                            916   1,061
                                                                  ------  ------
                                                                   2,536   3,314
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                       772     822
                                                                  ------  ------
Net property, plant and equipment                                 $1,764  $2,492
                                                                  ======  ======
</TABLE> 

Note 5 Long-Term Debt and Lease Obligations

A. Long-Term Debt

Long-term debt consists of the following:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

(in millions)                                                       1994    1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>   <C> 
Unsecured loans payable to banks                                    $ --  $   86
Secured loans payable to banks                                        13      --
Secured loans payable                                                143     158
Convertible floating rate debentures due 1996                        219     220
Unsecured medium-term notes due through 1997                         111     175
12-1/8% unsecured notes due April 1995 (not redeemable)               93      93
Notes secured by property, plant and equipment, weighted average 
  interest rate of approximately 9.5% in 1994 and 10.4% in 1993, 
  payable in installments to 2012                                     28      88
7-3/8% unsecured notes due 1997 (not redeemable)                      58      58
Obligations under capital leases                                      49      80
Other, primarily unsecured                                            54      55
                                                                    ------------
                                                                     768   1,013
Less current portion                                                 545     121
                                                                    ------------
                                                                    $223  $  892
                                                                    ============
</TABLE> 

                                       23
<PAGE>
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Unsecured Loans Payable to Banks

In September 1993 the Company repaid $50 million of its then-outstanding
revolving bank borrowings under its $300 million unsecured bank revolving
credit and term loan agreement and refinanced the $246.2 million balance of
such loans with new term loans maturing in April 1995 and requiring quarterly
installments of $11.4 million through May 1994 and $15 million through February
1995. These loans were repaid in April 1994 with new secured bank loans, as
described below. The weighted average interest rate on these and other
unsecured loans payable to banks was 4.7% during 1994, 3.9% during 1993 and
5.3% during 1992.

Also in September 1993 the Company canceled its $120 million short-term
revolving credit agreement entered into in December 1992. No loans were ever
outstanding under this agreement.

Secured Loans Payable

In April 1994 the Company entered into a new $464.7 million revolving credit
and letter of credit agreement with several banks. Indebtedness of the Company
under the new agreement is secured by a pledge of all the outstanding capital
stock of NME Hospitals, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and is
also guaranteed by NME Hospitals, Inc. The new agreement provides for revolving
loans of up to $222 million and for letters of credit in an aggregate amount of
$242.7 million to support certain of the Company's obligations relating to
commercial paper and remarketable bond programs. Loans of $222 million under
the new agreement were used to repay all of the Company's obligations under,
and to effect termination of, its then-existing unsecured bank term loan
agreement described above. All of this amount, including $209 million related
to the convertible floating rate debentures discussed below, was outstanding at
May 31, 1994.

All outstanding revolving loans under the new agreement mature on April 12,
1995, and there are no earlier installments of principal due or reductions of
availability thereunder. Revolving loans under the new agreement bear interest
at a base rate that is equal to the prime rate announced by Morgan Guaranty
Trust of New York or, if higher, the federal funds rate plus 0.5% or, at the
option of the Company, a London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 1.0% per
annum, for interest periods of one, two, three or six months.

The Company also has $143 million of secured loans payable outstanding at
May 31, 1994, that were used for project financings and are secured by liens on
real property or leasehold interests. These loans expire on April 12, 1995, and
provide for interest at the lender's fluctuating cost of funds plus 1/8%. The
weighted average interest rate during 1994 was 5.1%. It was 4.6% in 1993 and
6.4% in 1992.

Floating Rate Debentures -- Convertible

The floating rate debentures consist of two components: $209 million of
secured loans payable to banks and $10 million (5% of the debenture face
amount) of generally nontransferable performance investment options to key
employees of the Company. Because the proceeds from the exercise of the
investment options must be used by the Company to retire the debt underlying
the debentures, these loans, together with the outstanding balance of the
investment options, are classified as convertible floating rate debentures. The
weighted average interest rate for the debentures was 4.8% during 1994, 3.6% in
1993 and 6.3% in 1992. The debentures are subject to mandatory redemption in
April 1996 and after the occurrence of certain events.

The performance investment options permit the holder to purchase debentures
at 95% of their $105,264 face value. The debentures are convertible into
preferred stock, which in turn is convertible into common stock. The investment
options ultimately are convertible into 13,977,549 shares of common stock at an
exercise price equivalent to $15.83 per share. The 13,977,549 shares include
1,828,652 shares that are the subject of litigation between the Company and two
of its former executive officers. The Company believes that the investment
options held by those executive officers no longer are exercisable but has
included these shares pending final resolution of the dispute. The investment
options became fully vested in March 1994. The Company may repurchase the
investment options without a premium with the consent of the holder or by
paying a redemption premium sufficient to provide the holder a 6% annual
return. Under certain conditions, the investment options are subject to
mandatory redemption at a redemption price including a 6% annual return.

When investment options are exercised, the Company reduces taxable income by
any excess of the fair market value of the stock at the date of conversion over
the principal amount of the debentures redeemed. The resulting tax benefit
increases additional paid-in capital.

Unsecured Medium-Term Notes

These notes have had both fixed and floating rates of interest. The floating
rate notes were repaid during fiscal 1994. The weighted average interest rate
on these notes was 8.1% during 1994, 7.3% during 1993 and 8.6% during 1992. The
notes are not redeemable.

                                       24
<PAGE>
 
Loan Covenants

Certain loan agreements have, among other requirements, limitations on
dividends, investments, borrowings, and acquisitions and dispositions of assets
and require maintenance of specified operating ratios, as well as specified
levels of working capital and net worth. The Company is in compliance with the
loan covenants. There are no compensating balance requirements for any credit
line or borrowing.

B. Long-Term Debt Maturities and Lease Obligations
Future long-term debt maturities and minimum operating lease payments are as
follows:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                           Later
(in millions)                        1995   1996    1997    1998   1999    Years
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>    <C>     <C> 
Long-term debt                       $545    $60     $61     $66    $ 3     $ 33
Long-term leases                     $ 69    $64     $60     $55    $52     $250
</TABLE> 

Rental expense under operating leases, including short-term leases, was
approximately $98 million in 1994, $114 million in 1993 and $113 million in
1992.

Note 6 Income Taxes

Taxes on income from continuing operations consist of the following amounts:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

(in millions)                                              1994    1993    1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>     <C>     <C> 
Currently payable:
  Federal                                                  $159    $148    $148
  State                                                      31      30      26
  Foreign                                                     6       7       7
                                                           --------------------
                                                            196     185     181
Deferred:
  Federal                                                   (46)    (29)    (39)
  State                                                      (6)     (3)     (6)
                                                           --------------------
                                                            (52)    (32)    (45)

Charges equivalent to federal and state income taxes, 
 primarily the benefit associated with stock benefit plans   --       2       5
                                                           --------------------
                                                           $144    $155    $141
                                                           ====================
</TABLE> 

The difference between the Company's effective income tax rate and the
statutory federal income tax rate is shown below:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                        1994               1993               1992
                                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
(in millions of dollars and as a percent of pretax income)         Amount  Percent    Amount  Percent    Amount  Percent
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>        <C>     <C> 
Tax provision at statutory federal rate                              $126     35.0%     $142     34.0%     $122     34.0%
State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit                  17      4.6%       18      4.3%       14      3.9%
Gain on sale of subsidiary's common stock                              --       --       (10)   (2.4)%      --       --
Other                                                                   1       .4%        5      1.1%        5      1.4%
                                                                     ----------------------------------------------------
Taxes on income from continuing operations and effective tax rates   $144     40.0%     $155     37.0%     $141     39.3%
                                                                     ====================================================
</TABLE> 

No tax provision has been made for U.S. or additional foreign taxes on $68
million of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries or on a $29 million
gain on the sale of a foreign subsidiary's common stock as the Company's
overseas investments are intended to be permanent. Such earnings would become
taxable upon the remittance of dividends or upon the sale or liquidation of the
investments.

                                       25
<PAGE>
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Effective June 1, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes." Among other
provisions, this standard requires deferred tax balances to be determined using
enacted income tax rates for the years in which the taxes actually are paid or
refunds actually are received instead of when the deferrals were initiated. The
Company has recognized $60 million as income in the fiscal year ended May 31,
1994, for the cumulative effect on prior years of adopting this standard based
on tax rates in effect at June 1, 1993.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of May 31, 1994, relate to the
following:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                         Deferred Tax
                                                                      -------------------
(in millions)                                                         Assets  Liabilities
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>      <C> 
Depreciation and fixed asset basis differences                          $ --         $182
Reserves related to discontinued operations and restructuring charges    306           --
Receivables -- doubtful accounts and adjustments                          69           --
Cash-basis accounting change                                              --           23
Accruals for insurance risks                                              35           --
Intangible assets                                                         --            7
Other long-term liabilities                                               20           --
Benefit plans                                                             18           --
Other accrued liabilities                                                 10           --
Investments                                                                9           --
Valuation allowance                                                       (7)          --
Other items                                                               --            1
                                                                        ----         ----
                                                                        $460         $213
                                                                        ====         ====
</TABLE> 

Management believes that the deferred tax assets at May 31, 1994, will be
realized by offsetting current tax provisions against future income or through
tax loss carrybacks.

Prior-year financial statements are not restated to reflect the new
accounting standard. The following reflect the principal sources of deferred
income tax credits for those years:
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

(in millions)                                                      1993    1992
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                <C>     <C> 
Depreciation and asset disposition differences                     $  4    $  9
Cash-basis accounting                                                (8)     (9)
Doubtful accounts and adjustments                                    (5)    (15)
Costs included in intangible assets, net of amortization             --      (2)
Equity method accounting                                              2      (5)
Accruals for insurance risks                                         (7)     (7)
Restructuring charges                                               (14)    (14)
Other items                                                          (4)     (2)
                                                                   ----    ----
                                                                   $(32)   $(45)
                                                                   ====    ====
</TABLE> 

Note 7 Claims and Lawsuits

A. Professional and General Liability Insurance

The Company currently insures all of its professional and comprehensive
general liability risks through an insurance company owned by several health
care companies and in which the Company has a significant minority interest.
Risks in excess of $3 million per occurrence are reinsured with major
independent insurance companies. Through May 31, 1994, the Company insured its
professional and comprehensive general liability risks related to its
psychiatric and physical rehabilitation hospitals through a wholly owned
insurance subsidiary that reinsured risks in excess of $500,000 with major
independent insurance companies. The Company has reached the policy limits
provided by its insurance subsidiary related to the psychiatric hospitals in
certain years, and, in addition, damages, if any, arising from fraud and
conspiracy claims in psychiatric malpractice cases may not be insured. 
(See Note 7B.)

                                       26
<PAGE>
 
The Company's estimated liability for the self-insured portion of
professional and comprehensive general liability claims is $93 million at May
31, 1994, after discounting the liability to its present value based on
expected loss reporting patterns and a weighted average discount rate of 8.8%.

The Company believes that claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course
of business are adequately covered by insurance or are adequately provided for
in the Company's consolidated financial statements. However, the final
liability may vary from the estimated liability.

B. Significant Legal Proceedings

The Company has been involved in significant legal proceedings and
investigations of an unusual nature related principally to its psychiatric
business. During the years ended May 31, 1994, and 1993, the Company recorded
provisions to estimate the cost of the ultimate disposition of all these
proceedings and investigations and to estimate the legal fees that it expects
to incur. As discussed further below, the Company has settled the most
significant of these matters. The remaining reserves for unusual litigation
costs that relate to the matters that have not been settled as of May 31, 1994,
and an estimate of the legal fees to be incurred subsequent to May 31, 1994,
total approximately $81 million and represent management's estimate of the net
costs of the ultimate disposition of these matters. There can be no assurance,
however, that the ultimate liability will not exceed such estimates.

All of the costs associated with these legal proceedings and investigations
are classified in discontinued operations. (See Note 2.)

1) Insurance Litigation -- In November 1993 the Company signed agreements to
settle two of its lawsuits with certain insurance companies, and in February
1994 the Company signed an agreement to settle the remaining lawsuit. Under the
settlements, the Company agreed to pay up to $125 million and $89.9 million,
respectively, as complete and final resolution of the disputed claims alleging
that the psychiatric hospitals engaged in certain fraudulent practices. The
final installment of these settlements was paid in March 1994. In return, the
insurers agreed on an individual basis to strengthen standard business
relations with the Company, including, for example, allowing the Company to
compete for managed care contracts and participate in provider networks. The
settlements also addressed the processing by the insurance companies of pending
claims from psychiatric facilities owned by the Company's subsidiaries. The
Company has received inquiries from various other insurance companies and
health benefit providers regarding the possible filing of claims with similar
allegations. To date, the amounts involved are not significant.

2) Investigations -- On June 29, 1994, the Company executed plea agreements
that were approved by a federal judge and other settlement agreements under
which it agreed to pay a total of $362.7 million to conclude the federal
investigations of the Company and its subsidiaries: $324.2 million in civil
restitution and penalties, $34 million in criminal fines, $2 million to the
Department of Health and Human Services to support a children's mental health
program, and $2.5 million to the National Institute of Mental Health to fund
research relating to federally funded health care in substance abuse recovery
or mental health treatment facilities. Under the agreements, the Company's
remaining hospitals will continue to be eligible to participate in all
federally funded health care programs.

As part of the settlement, a subsidiary operating the Company's psychiatric
hospitals pled guilty to six counts of paying illegal remuneration for referral
of Medicare patients and one count of conspiracy to make such payments and paid
a $33 million fine. Another subsidiary operating a single general hospital pled
guilty to one count of illegal payments and paid a $1 million fine. The count
relates to activities that occurred while an individual convicted of defrauding
the hospital was its chief executive.

The federal settlement agreements pertain only to the Company and its
subsidiaries and will not extend to individuals. The Company is obligated to
cooperate with the government in its investigation of individuals. The Company
has numerous other obligations under the agreements, including disposing of its
psychiatric hospital business and not re-entering it for five years,
implementation and maintenance of compliance programs, and reporting
requirements to the federal government, designed to assure that the Company
complies with federal laws relating to the provision of health care.

In May 1994 the Company also reached agreements in principle with 27 states
and the District of Columbia to pay an additional $16.3 million to settle
investigations. The Company has signed agreements with 26 of those states and
the District of Columbia, five of which contain errors or changes that the
Company is attempting to resolve. The 27 states and the District of Columbia
are all of the areas in which the Company's subsidiaries operated psychiatric
facilities.

On July 12, 1994, the Company, without admitting or denying liability,
consented to the entry of a civil injunctive order in response to a complaint
filed that day by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The complaint alleged
that the Company failed to comply with anti-fraud and recordkeeping
requirements of the federal securities laws concerning the manner in which the
Company recorded the revenues from the activities that were the subject of the
federal government settlement referred to above. In the order, the Company
consented to comply with such requirements of the federal securities laws.

                                       27
<PAGE>
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

3) Shareholders' Lawsuits -- In October and November 1991 shareholder
derivative actions and federal shareholder class-action suits were filed
against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. Those derivative
and federal class-action suits have been consolidated into one derivative and
one federal class action, respectively. The consolidated derivative action,
purportedly brought on behalf of the Company, alleged breach of fiduciary duty
and other causes of action against the directors and various officers of the
Company. The derivative action was dismissed by the court in May 1993; the
dismissal is being appealed by the plaintiffs. The consolidated federal class
action alleges violations of federal securities laws against the Company and
certain of its executive officers. All parties in the federal class action and
the derivative action have been participating in a voluntary mediation process,
which has included directors and officers liability insurance carriers. Through
this mediation process, the parties have reached an agreement in principle for
the settlement of both lawsuits, including contributions to the settlement by
certain insurance companies. Any agreement in principle is conditioned upon the
execution of formal settlement documentation and court approval.

Two additional federal class actions filed in August 1993 now have been
consolidated into one action. The consolidated action alleges violations of
federal securities laws against the Company and certain of its executive
officers. The parties commenced a voluntary mediation in July 1994.

4) Psychiatric Malpractice Cases Involving Fraud and Conspiracy Claims --
The Company and certain of its officers and directors are defendants in
numerous lawsuits filed on behalf of psychiatric patients making various
claims, including conspiracy, false imprisonment, fraud and gross negligence.
The Company has settled 90 of these patient care lawsuits for approximately
$20.5 million. These cases represent approximately two-thirds of the
psychiatric patient care cases filed to date that contain allegations of
conspiracy or fraud. The Company expects that additional similar lawsuits will
be filed.

Note 8 Other Contingencies and Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet
Risks

A. Guarantees and Letters of Credit
The Company is contingently liable for $503 million under various guarantees,
standby letters of credit and lease obligations not included in Note 5. Included
in this amount are The Hillhaven Corporation's obligations to third parties
totaling $286 million, including $216 million of lease obligations and $70
million of long-term debt and other obligations. During the year, Hillhaven
reduced by approximately $420 million its obligations that were guaranteed by
the Company. Also included in the $503 million is approximately $208 million in
obligations, substantially all of which are lease obligations, relating to
rehabilitation hospitals sold to HEALTHSOUTH Rehabilitation Corporation in
January 1994.

B. Interest Rate Swaps
At May 31, 1994, and 1993, the Company had outstanding interest rate swap
agreements, generally with commercial banks, having a total notional principal
of $120 million, expiring through 2000. These agreements call for the payment
of fixed rate interest by the Company in return for the assumption by other
contracting parties of the variable rate cost, which effectively changes the
Company's interest rate on a portion of its dollar-denominated floating rate
debt to a fixed rate of 8.5%. Additionally, on May 31, 1994, and 1993, the
Company had outstanding swap agreements with a notional amount of $29 million
expiring through 1997, in which it receives interest from other contracting
parties at a weighted average fixed interest rate of 7.0% and pays interest at
variable rates to those parties. The Company's exposure to credit loss under
these agreements is limited to the interest rate spread in the event of
nonperformance by the other parties. Nonperformance is not anticipated due to
the credit rating of the other parties. The weighted average interest rates in
Note 5A do not include the effects of these agreements.

C. Currency Swap and Forward Exchange Contracts
The Company has entered into currency swap agreements and forward exchange
contracts to hedge the foreign currency exposure attributable to its net
investment in foreign operations. At May 31, 1994, the Company had outstanding
agreements with commercial banks having a total notional principal amount of
75,800,000 Australian dollars, 1,650,000,000 Spanish pesetas and 10,000,000
British pounds at average exchange rates to the U.S. dollar of 1.38, 123.48 and
0.67, expiring through 1999, 1998 and fiscal 1995, respectively. 

Note 9 Preferred Stock Purchase Rights and Preferred Stock

A. Preferred Stock Purchase Rights
In 1988 the Company distributed Preferred Stock Purchase Rights to holders
of the Company's common stock and authorized the issuance of additional rights
for common stock issued after that date. The Company may redeem the rights at
$.025 per right at

                                       28
<PAGE>
 
any time until they become exercisable. The rights become exercisable 10
days after a public announcement that an investor has acquired 20% or more of
the Company's common stock or has commenced a tender or exchange offer for 30%
or more of the common stock. The rights may be exchanged for one two-thousandth
(.0005) of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock at an
exercise price of $40.61.

In the event the Company is acquired or merged into another company and the
rights have not been redeemed, rights holders will be entitled to purchase, for
the then-current exercise price of the rights, common stock of the surviving
company having a market value equal to two times the exercise price of the
rights. The rights expire in December 1998 unless exercised or redeemed and do
not entitle the holders thereof to vote as shareholders or receive dividends.

B. Preferred Stock
The Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock for which the Preferred
Stock Purchase Rights may be exchanged is non-redeemable and has a par value of
$0.15 per share. None of the 225,000 authorized shares are outstanding.

The Company has also authorized a Series B Convertible Preferred Stock,
issuable solely upon conversion of the Company's convertible floating rate
debentures. (See Note 5A.) The par value of the stock is $0.15 per share; its
liquidation and redemption value is $105,264 per share; 2,087 shares are
reserved for future issuance; and no shares are outstanding. Since it is likely
that this preferred stock would be converted immediately to common stock, all
references in Note 5A are to common stock rather than preferred stock.

Note 10 Stock Benefit Plans

Under the Company's 1983 and 1991 stock incentive plans, stock options and
incentive stock awards (restricted shares and restricted units) have been made
to certain officers and other key employees. Stock options generally are
granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the shares on
the date of grant (except for discounted stock options granted at an exercise
price equal to 50% of the fair market value of the shares and options for
600,000 shares granted during fiscal 1993 at an exercise price equal to 110% of
the fair market value of the shares) and are exercisable at the rate of
one-third per year beginning one year from the date of grant. In addition,
during fiscal 1994 526,000 options were granted to certain senior officers that
are exercisable on May 31, 1996. Stock options generally expire 10 years from
the date of grant. Certain 1991 plan stock options may be canceled in
connection with the vesting of restricted units under circumstances described
below.

Restricted shares generally are issued at no cost to the recipient and are
held in trust by the Company for release in generally equal amounts over five
to seven years from the date of the award (as long as the recipient continues
to be employed by the Company).

Restricted units were granted in fiscal 1992, 1993 and 1994. A restricted
unit is a grant that entitles the recipient to a payment of cash at the end of
each vesting period equivalent to the fair market value of a share of the
Company's common stock on the date of vesting subject to a maximum value per
unit, which is equivalent to the fair market value of a share of the Company's
common stock on the date of grant. These restricted units were granted along
with stock options. Restricted units vest normally one-third each year over
three years and also earn dividend equivalents during the vesting period.

Subject to approval by the shareholders in September 1994, a new Directors
Stock Option Plan will replace the 1991 Director Restricted Share Plan and will
make available options to purchase 500,000 shares of common stock for issuance
to nonemployee directors. Under the plan each nonemployee director will be
entitled to receive a stock option for 5,000 common shares upon initially being
elected to the Board of Directors and each January, beginning retroactively in
January 1994 when the plan was approved by the Board of Directors. Awards will
vest one year after the date of grant, will have an exercise price equal to the
fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, and will
expire 10 years after the date of grant.

All awards granted under the 1983 and 1991 plans will vest under
circumstances defined in the plans or under certain employment arrangements,
including, with the consent of the Compensation and Stock Option Committee of
the Board of Directors, a change in control of the Company.

Charges to continuing operations associated with discounted stock options,
restricted shares (including the Director Restricted Share Plan) and restricted
units were $12 million in fiscal 1994, $11 million in fiscal 1993 and $11
million in fiscal 1992. The remaining amount to be charged to future
operations, principally over the next two years, is approximately $7 million.

                                       29
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 
Differences in accrued income tax benefits associated with restricted shares
and discounted stock options and the amounts realized in income tax returns are
reflected as adjustments to additional paid-in capital. Income tax benefits
associated with stock options having exercise prices equal to fair market value
at date of grant are credited to additional paid-in capital as realized.

Stock awards may be made only under the 1991 Plan. At May 31, 1994, there
were 8,331,456 shares of common stock available under the 1991 Plan for future
awards. The table below summarizes the transactions in all stock option plans
in which employees participate, including discounted stock options but
excluding restricted shares and units:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
(shares of common stock)                                   1994          1993
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C> 
Outstanding at beginning of year (1983 and 1991 Plans)  11,682,204    9,597,490
Granted                                                  5,719,175    2,977,745
Exercised ($4.60 to $16.813 per share in 1994 and 1993)   (282,482)     (36,650)
Canceled and other adjustments                          (1,692,304)    (856,381)
                                                        ------------------------
Outstanding at end of year ($4.41 to $22.44 per share 
at May 31, 1994)                                        15,426,593   11,682,204
                                                        ========================
Exercisable at end of year                               6,472,708    4,131,859
                                                        ========================
</TABLE> 

The Company has received full recourse interest-bearing notes in connection
with the exercise of certain stock options. The notes, secured by the common
stock purchased, reduce stockholders' equity. See Note 5A for information
regarding Performance Investment Options (debenture purchase rights) sold to
certain key employees of the Company.

Note 11 Earnings Per Share

Primary earnings per share of common stock are based on after-tax income
applicable to common stock and the weighted average number of shares of common
stock and common stock equivalents outstanding during each period as
appropriate.

Fully diluted earnings-per-share calculations are based on the assumption
that all dilutive convertible debentures were converted into shares of common
stock as of the beginning of the year, or as of the issue date if later, and 1)
that those shares are added to the weighted average number of common shares and
share equivalents outstanding used in the calculation of primary earnings per
share, and 2) that after-tax income is adjusted accordingly.

Note 12 Employee Retirement Plans

Substantially all domestic employees upon qualification are eligible to
participate in a defined contribution 401(k) plan, the NME Retirement Savings
Plan. Employees who elect to participate make mandatory contributions equal to
3% of their eligible compensation, and such contributions are matched by the
Company. Company contributions from continuing operations to all plans for the
fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992 were approximately $17 million, $18 million
and $16 million, respectively. The Company does not have a plan that provides
postretirement benefits other than pensions to retired employees.

Note 13 Disposals and Acquisition of Facilities

In January 1994 the Company sold 28 inpatient rehabilitation hospitals and
45 related satellite outpatient clinics for approximately $350 million in cash,
including the net book values of certain inventory, receivables and other items
of working capital, subject to certain adjustments. The sale resulted in a gain
of $66.2 million. The Company retained six rehabilitation hospitals on or near
general hospital campuses and in March 1994 sold its other remaining
rehabilitation hospital for approximately $14 million. For the fiscal year
ended May 31, 1994, net operating revenues of the sold rehabilitation hospitals
were $266 million, while pretax income, before general corporate overhead
costs, was $22 million.

During fiscal year 1994 The Hillhaven Corporation purchased the remaining 23
nursing centers it previously leased from the Company for $112 million. (See
Note 14.) The sales resulted in a gain of $17 million.

In May 1994 the Company entered into a long-term operating lease of a
138-bed general hospital in the New Orleans area. In July 1993 the Company sold
a 120-bed general hospital in Tennessee. In June 1994 the Company announced the
sale of two general hospitals in Southern California. Also in June 1994 the
Company acquired, through a wholly owned subsidiary, an additional 50% interest
in Centro Medico Teknon, its general hospital project in Barcelona, Spain, to
bring the Company's ownership of the hospital to 100%. None of these
transactions were significant.

                                       30
<PAGE>
 
Note 14 The Hillhaven Corporation

In September 1993 the Company substantially completed a series of
transactions with The Hillhaven Corporation that resulted in: 1) the Company
selling to Hillhaven all remaining leased long-term-care nursing facilities,
and no longer being a lessor to Hillhaven; 2) all indebtedness owed to the
Company from Hillhaven being paid in full; 3) reducing Hillhaven obligations
guaranteed by the Company; and 4) the Company purchasing 120,000 shares of
Hillhaven nonvoting Series D Preferred Stock for $120 million. In February 1994
the Company exercised its warrants to purchase 6 million shares of Hillhaven
common stock at the exercise price of $10.55 per share (after giving effect to
Hillhaven's 5-to-1 reverse stock split). The total exercise price of $63.3
million was paid by liquidating 63,300 shares of Hillhaven Series D Preferred
Stock acquired in September 1993. The Company, as of May 31, 1994, owned: 1)
approximately 33% (8,878,147 shares) of the outstanding common stock of
Hillhaven; 2) 35,000 shares of Hillhaven 8-1/4% accumulative nonvoting Series C
Preferred Stock; and 3) 60,546 shares of Hillhaven nonvoting 6-1/2% payable in
kind Series D Preferred Stock.

Note 15 Sales of Subsidiaries' Common Stock

In May 1994 the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which DLJ
Merchant Banking Funding, Inc. and certain of its affiliates (DLJMB) will
acquire a controlling interest in the Company's wholly owned subsidiary that
operates its 37 outpatient renal dialysis facilities. Under the terms of the
agreement, and as subsequently agreed among the parties, the subsidiary is
expected to consummate a public debt/equity offering in August 1994, the
proceeds of which will be used to partially fund the payment of a $75.5 million
dividend to the Company. Immediately after payment of the dividend, DLJMB will
purchase common stock of the subsidiary for $10.5 million, and certain members
of the subsidiary's management are expected to purchase common stock for
approximately $1.9 million. After consummation of these transactions, the
Company will own approximately 25% of the outstanding common stock of the
subsidiary. Net operating revenues of the subsidiary were $80.5 million in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 1994, and net income was $5.7 million. This
transaction is expected to result in a gain to the Company of approximately $35
million in the first quarter of fiscal 1995.

In March 1993 the Company's long-term-care subsidiary in the United Kingdom,
Westminster Health Care Holdings PLC, issued 3,500,000 shares of its common
stock to third parties in a private placement and in April 1993 sold 26,001,923
shares in an initial public offering; those transactions resulted in a gain to
the Company of $29 million. As a result of the sale and issuance of shares, the
Company's percentage ownership of Westminster changed from 90% to approximately
42%.

Note 16 Restructuring Charges

In April 1994 the Company initiated a plan to significantly decrease
overhead costs through a reduction in corporate and division staffing levels
and to review the resulting office space needs of all corporate operations.
Accordingly, in July 1994 the Company announced that approximately 240
positions were being eliminated and other cost-saving efficiencies were
implemented. The Company also decided to sell its corporate headquarters
building and to lease substantially less office space in that building or at an
alternative site. Costs of the write-down of the building, employee severance
benefits and other expenses directly related to the overhead reduction plan are
estimated to be approximately $77 million and have been expensed in the quarter
ended May 31, 1994. In the quarter ended May 31, 1993, the Company recorded a
charge of $52 million for restructuring costs related to continuing operations
that were associated with the combination of the Rehabilitation Hospital
Division into the General Hospital Division, a corporate overhead reduction
program that began in April 1993, and severance costs incurred in connection
with a change in senior executive management.

These restructuring charges, as well as $18 million in the year ended May
31, 1992, have been charged to operating and administrative expenses.

Note 17 Information About Lines of Business

On June 1, 1993, the Company combined its former Rehabilitation Hospital
Division and its General Hospital Division into a new division called the
Hospital Division. In January 1994 the Company sold substantially all of its
rehabilitation hospitals. (See Note 13.) Also during fiscal 1994 the Company
announced that it had discontinued its psychiatric hospital business. (See Note
2.) At May 31, 1994, the Company operated 35 general hospitals and six
rehabilitation hospitals in the United States and 12 general hospitals
overseas, which accounted for approximately 95% of the Company's consolidated
net revenues. The net revenues and operating profits of the overseas general
hospitals accounted for approximately 5.9% and 7.6% of the Company's
consolidated net revenues and operating profits in 1994 and approximately 5.1%
and 7.3%, respectively, in 1993.

                                       31
<PAGE>
 
Report of Independent Auditors

The Board of Directors
National Medical Enterprises, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National
Medical Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 31, 1994 and 1993, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 1994. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatements. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

As discussed in Notes 2, 7B and 13 to the consolidated financial statements,
during 1994 the Company has discontinued its psychiatric hospital operations,
settled a number of lawsuits and governmental investigations, and sold a
significant number of its rehabilitation hospitals. These events have had a
significant impact on the Company's consolidated financial position and 
results of operations.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly the financial position of National Medical Enterprises, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of May 31, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May
31, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

KPMG Peat Marwick LLP

Los Angeles, California
July 27, 1994

Supplementary Financial Information
Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                             Fiscal 1994 Quarters                Fiscal 1993 Quarters
                                        -------------------------------     ------------------------------
(in millions, except per-share data)    First   Second   Third   Fourth     First   Second  Third   Fourth
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                     <C>     <C>      <C>     <C>        <C>     <C>     <C>     <C> 
Net operating revenues                  $775    $ 770    $ 720   $ 702      $ 791    $ 785   $ 795   $ 820
                                        ==============================      ==============================
Income from continuing operations       $ 53    $  61    $  91   $  11      $  50    $  78   $  65   $  70
Net income (loss)                       $(41)   $(226)   $(164)  $   6      $  51    $  52   $  54   $   3
                                        ==============================      ==============================
Income per share from continuing 
 operations:
   Primary                              $0.32   $0.37    $0.55   $0.07      $0.30    $0.47   $0.39   $0.42
   Fully diluted                        $0.30   $0.35    $0.51   $0.07      $0.29    $0.44   $0.37   $0.40
                                        ==============================      ==============================
</TABLE> 
Quarterly operating results are not necessarily representative of operations
for a full year for various reasons, including levels of occupancy, interest
rates, acquisitions, disposals, revenue allowance and discount fluctuations,
the timing of price changes, unusual litigation costs, restructuring charges
and fluctuations in quarterly tax rates.

                                       32
<PAGE>
 
Board of Directors
- ------------------

Jeffrey C. Barbakow(1,4)        Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, NME
Michael H. Focht Sr.(1,5)       President and Chief Operating Officer, NME
Bernice B. Bratter(1,3,4)       Executive Director, Senior Health and Peer 
                                  Counseling
Maurice J. DeWald(1,3,6)        Chairman, Verity Financial Group, Inc.
Peter de Wetter(1)              Executive Vice President, NME, Retired
Edward Egbert, M.D.(2,4,6)      Physician, Retired
Raymond A. Hay(2,4,5)           Chairman, Aberdeen Associates
Lester B. Korn(1,3)             Chairman, Korn Tuttle Capital Group
James P. Livingston(2,4,5)      Executive Vice President, NME, Retired
Richard S. Schweiker(2,5)       President, American Council of Life Insurance
John C. Bedrosian+              Former Senior Executive Vice President, NME
Nita Puig-Heckendorn+           Former Executive Vice President, NME

Board Committees

1. Executive Committee
2. Audit Committee
3. Compensation and Stock Option Committee
4. Nominating Committee
5. Ethics and Quality Assurance Committee
6. Performance Investment Plan Committee

+  Term expires at the 1994 annual meeting. Not renominated for a new term.

Executive Officers
- ------------------

Jeffrey C. Barbakow             Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael H. Focht Sr.            President and Chief Operating Officer
Maris Andersons                 Executive Vice President and Treasurer
William S. Banowsky, Ph.D.      Executive Vice President (Retiring 8/31/94)
Scott M. Brown                  Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
                                  Secretary
Vincent J. Lico                 Executive Vice President (Retiring 10/31/94)
Raymond L. Mathiasen            Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
                                  Officer
Barry P. Schochet               Executive Vice President, President and Chief 
                                  Operating Officer, Hospital Division

Corporate Staff
Senior Vice Presidents
- ----------------------

Peter J. Andriet                Materiel Management
Bruce G. Carpenter              Associate General Counsel
Thomas J. Dey                   Government Relations
Steven Dominguez                Government Programs
Edward A. Elliott               Taxation
Wajeeh Ersheid                  Internal Audit
Alan R. Ewalt                   Human Resources
Lawrence G. Hixon               Corporate Controller

                                       33
<PAGE>
 
Corporate Staff (continued)
Senior Vice Presidents
- ---------------------------

T. Dennis Jorgensen             Administration
William Loorz                   Construction and Design
David R. Mayeux                 Strategic Planning and Development
Terence P. McMullen             Financial Services
Kim Mendenhall                  Facilities Administration
John A. Meyers                  Assistant General Counsel
Paul J. Russell                 Investor Relations
Christi R. Sulzbach             Public Affairs and Associate General Counsel

Operating Divisions and
Subsidiary Staff
- -----------------------
Hospital Division

Barry P. Schochet               President and Chief Operating Officer
Neil M. Sorrentino              Senior Executive Vice President, Western 
                                  District
Michael W. Gallo                Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
                                  Officer
Alan E. London, M.D.            Executive Vice President, Medical Affairs
Thomas B. Mackey                Executive Vice President
Frank Tidikis                   Executive Vice President, Eastern District

Senior Vice Presidents
- ----------------------

Barry S. Ganley                 Information Systems
Ben F. King                     Finance
William W. Leyhe                Integrated Delivery Systems
Nancee E. Mendenhall            Managed Care Business Development
Martin J. Paris, M.D., M.P.H.   Technology Assessment Medical Director, 
                                  General Hospitals
Clive E. Riddle                 National Health Plans
Arnold M. Robin                 President, Syndicated Office Systems
Robert L. Smith                 Operations
Leann L. Strasen, R.N.          Patient Care Services
Davis L. Watts                  Revenue and Receivable Management
William R. Wilson               Finance

International
Hospital Division

Michael H. Ford                 President and Chief Operating Officer
Carl V. Stanifer                Executive Vice President, Operations

                                       34
<PAGE>
 
Corporate Finance

Common Stock Transfer Agent and Registrar

The Bank of New York
101 Barclay St.
New York, NY 10286

Stock Exchanges for Common Stock

New York Stock Exchange
Pacific Stock Exchange
London Exchange

12 1/8% Notes Trustee/Registrar

The Bank of New York
101 Barclay St.
New York, NY 10286
Listing New York Stock Exchange

Annual Meeting

The annual meeting of the shareholders of National Medical Enterprises, Inc. 
will be held at 10 a.m., Wednesday, Sept 28, 1994, at Loews Santa Monica Beach 
Hotel, 1700 Ocean Ave., Santa Monica, Calif.

Availability of Form 10-K

The company reports annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 
10-K. You may obtain a copy at no charge by writing to NME Investor Relations or
by telephoning (310) 998-8200.

Corporate Office

National Medical Enterprises, Inc.
2700 Colorado Ave.
P.O. Box 4070
Santa Monica, CA 90411-4070
(310) 998-8000

This annual report is printed on recycled paper.

Supplementary Financial Information
Common Stock Information (unaudited)

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

                          Fiscal 1994 Quarters                           Fiscal 1993 Quarters
                ----------------------------------------     ---------------------------------------------
                  First     Second      Third     Fourth      First       Second        Third       Fourth
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>              <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C> 
Price range:
  High           12 1/4     12         16 1/4     18 1/8     16 3/4       14 1/4       13 1/4        9 7/8
  Low             7          7 3/8     11 1/2     14 3/8     13 3/4        9 5/8        9 1/4        6 1/2
</TABLE> 

     At May 31, 1994, there were approximately 16,000 holders of record of the 
Company's common stock. The Company's common stock is listed and traded on the 
New York, Pacific and London stock exchanges. The stock prices above are the 
high and low sales prices as reported in the NYSE Composite Tape for the last 
two fiscal years. On October 27, 1993, the Board of Directors suspended payments
of dividends on the Company's common stock in order to give the Company maximum 
flexibility to respond to rapidly developing opportunities, to refocus on its 
general hospital core business and to resolve its legal issue.

     The Company's cash dividends per share were $0.12 in 1994 and $0.48 in 
1993. The Company suspended the payment of quarterly cash dividends following 
the first quarter of fiscal 1994.
 
                                      35
<PAGE>
 
                            GRAPHICS APPENDIX LIST


PAGE WHERE
GRAPHIC
APPEARS                    DESCRIPTION OF GRAPHIC OR CROSS-REFERENCE
- ----------                 ------------------------------------------
Page 1 of          Cover of NME's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders  
Exhibit 13         (Exhibit 13).

                   The cover of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders contains 
                   an illustration of people putting blocks into a sun. The 
                   illustration symbolizes NME building a brighter future. 

Page 5 of          Stock Price Graph                              
Exhibit 13
                   A graph showing the price of NME's common stock on various 
                   dates between February 28, 1992 and August 5, 1994 is 
                   included on page 5 of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders 
                   of NME (Exhibit 13). The dates shown are the dates of 
                   significant events for the Company which occurred during such
                   period. Figures indicating the stock price on each 
                   significant date are shown on page 5 of Exhibit 13.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>18
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 21

                       NATIONAL MEDICAL ENTERPRISES, INC.
                            Subsidiary Corporations
                            Revised August 17, 1994

Note:  All subsidiaries are 100% owned by "NME" unless otherwise indicated.

Assured Investors Life Company
     (a) Stanislaus Life Insurance Company
Cornerstone - West, Inc.
H.F.I.C. Management Company, Inc.
     (a) Health Facilities Insurance Corp., Ltd. - Bermuda
International-NME, Inc.
     (a) LEIR Canada, Inc.
     (a) N.M.E. International (Cayman) Limited - Cayman Islands, B.W.I.- (99%)
           (b) B.V. Hospital Management - Netherlands
           (b) Pacific Medical Enterprises Sdn. Bhd. - Malaysia
                 (c) Hyacinth Sdn. Bhd. - Joint Venture - (49%)
     (a) Subang Jaya Medical Center Sdn. Bhd. (30%)
     (a) NME Asia Pte Limited
           (b) Bumrungrad Medical Center Limited (40%)
           (b) Mount Elizabeth Healthcare Holdings Ltd. (80.54%)
              (Formerly: NME (Singapore) Holdings Limited)
              (19.46% owned by International - NME, Inc.)
                 (c) Mount Elizabeth Hospital Ltd.
                       (d) East Shore Hospital Pte Ltd
                              (e) Renalcare (Katong) Pte Ltd
                       (d) Medi-Rad Associates Pte Ltd - (71.2%)
                              (e) Khim Medicare Pte Ltd - (67.3%)
                       (d) MENA Services Pte Ltd
                       (d) Mount Elizabeth Healthcare Services Pte Ltd
                       (d) Mount Elizabeth Health Care Sdn Bhd - Malaysia
                       (d) Mount Elizabeth Managed Care Services Pte Ltd
                       (d) Mount Elizabeth Ophthalmic Investments Pte Ltd -
                          (66.5%)
                       (d) Radiology Consultants Pte Ltd
                       (d) Renalcare Mount Elizabeth Pte Ltd - (20%)
     (a) Medicalia International, B.V. - Netherlands
National Medical Enterprises Corp.
     (a) Westminster Health Care Holdings Plc (UK) (42%)
        (Formerly: NME (UK) Limited)
           (b) Westminster Health Care Limited -(UK) (90%)
                 (c) Westminster Health Care (Properties) Limited - (UK)
                 (c) Burleigh House Properties Limited
     (a) Newbridge Hospitals Limited -(UK)
           (b) NME Management Services (UK) Ltd.
     (a) NME UK Properties, Limited
NME (Australia) Pty., Limited
     (a) Australian Medical Enterprises Ltd. (51.94%)
           (b) AME Trust (Formerly: Markalinga Trust)
           (b) AME Hospitals Pty Limited (Formerly: Markalinga Nom Pty Ltd.)
           (b) Victoria House Holdings Pty Ltd.
NME Headquarters, Inc.
NME Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) Brookhaven Hospital, Inc.

                                       1
<PAGE>
 
           (b) Brookhaven Pavilion, Inc.
     (a) Germantown Community Hospital-Methodist East, Inc.
     (a) Instant Care Centers of America, Inc. (80%) (Inactive)
     (a) National Managed Med, Inc.
     (a) National Med, Inc.
     (a) National Medical Hospital of Tullahoma, Inc.
     (a) National Medical Hospital of Wilson County, Inc.
     (a) National Medical Services, Inc.
     (a) National Medical Ventures, Inc.
           (b) Litho I - LP
           (b) McHenry Surgery Center Partners, Ltd - LP
           (b) Redding Surgi Center - LP
     (a) NM Ventures - California, Inc.
     (a) NM Ventures of North County, Inc.
     (a) NME Hospitals Dallas, Inc.
     (a) NME Medical de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
     (a) NMV Alvarado, Inc. (DISSOLVED 6/9/93)
     (a) NMV Dallas, Inc. (DISSOLVED 11/1/93)
     (a) NMV Hollywood, Inc.
           (b) Hollywood Medical Center - LP
     (a) NMV Tennessee
     (a) NMV-I, Inc.   (DISSOLVED 6/1/93)
     (a) NMV-II, Inc.
           (b) West Boca OB Unit - LP
     (a) NMV Texas, Inc.
     (a) Preferred Medical Systems of California, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitative Driving Resources, Inc. (non-profit)
     (a) West Coast PT Clinic, Inc.
     (a) Who Advertising, Inc. (DISSOLVED 11/22/93)
NME Medical, Inc.
NME PIP Funding I, Inc.
NME Properties Corp.
     (a) AK, Inc.
     (a) Cascade Insurance Company, Ltd.
     (a) Guardian Medical Services, Inc.
     (a) Hammond Holiday Home, Inc.
     (a) Total Renal Care. Inc. (25%)
           (b) Medical Ambulatory Care, Inc.
                  (c) Arizona-New Mexico Community Hemodialysis Services, Inc.
                  (c) Continental at Home, Inc. (DISSOLVED 8/9/94)
                  (c) Continental Dialysis Center, Inc. (90%)
                  (c) Continental Dialysis Center of Springfield-Fairfax, Inc.
                     (90%)
                  (c) Continental Dialysis Center of Sterling-Dulless, Inc.
                     (90%)
                  (c) Garey Dialysis Center - GP (60%)
                  (c) Kidney Dialysis Care Units, Inc.
                  (c) Los Angeles Dialysis Center - GP (65%)
                  (c) New Mexico Dialysis Services, Inc.
                  (c) Nova Therapeutic Supply, Inc.
                  (c) Pacific Coast Dialysis Center - GP (63%)
                  (c) University Park Dialysis Center - GP (50%)
                  (c) Valley Dialysis Associates, Inc.
                  (c) Wilshire Dialysis Center - GP (50%)
     (a) NME Properties, Inc.

                                       2
<PAGE>
 
           (b) Lake Health Care Facilities, Inc.
           (b) NME Properties of Western Michigan, Inc.
           (b) NME Properties West, Inc.
                 (c) Morgan Manors, Inc.
           (b) Northwest Continuum Care Center, Inc.
     (a) NME Property Corp of Texas
     (a) NME Property Holding Co., Inc.
     (a) Sedgwick Convalescent Center, Inc.
NME Property Partners, Limited Partnership (90%)
NME Rehabilitation Properties, Inc.
NME Specialty Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) National Medical Specialty Hospital of Redding
     (a) NME Management Services, Inc.
     (a) NME New Beginnings, Inc.
           (b) Addiction Treatment Centers of Maryland, Inc.
           (b) Alcoholism Treatment Centers of New Jersey, Inc.
           (b) Health Institutes, Inc.
                 (c) Fenwick Hall, Inc.
                 (c) Health Institutes Investments, Inc.
           (b) NME New Beginnings-Western, Inc.
                 (c) Norquest/RCA-W Bitter Lake Partnership
     (a) NME Partial Hospital Services Corporation
     (a) NME Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.
           (b) The Huron Corporation
     (a) NME Rehabilitation Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Management Services Company
NME Psychiatric Properties, Inc.
     (a) Alvarado Parkway Institute, Inc.
     (a) Baywood Hospital, Inc.
     (a) Brawner Hospital, Inc.
           (b) Evaluation and Assistance Programs of Atlanta, Inc. (50%)
              (DISSOLVED 9/2/92)
     (a) Contemporary Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) Elmcrest Manor Psychiatric Institute, Inc.
           (b) Elmcrest Manor Joint Venture (50%)
     (a) Gwinnett Psychiatric Institute, Inc.
     (a) Jefferson Hospital, Inc.
     (a) Lake Hospital and Clinic, Inc. (97.875%)
     (a) Lakewood Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) Laurel Oaks Residential Treatment Center, Inc.
     (a) Leesburg Institute, Inc.
     (a) Manatee Palms Residential Treatment Center, Inc.
     (a) Manatee Palms Therapeutic Group Home, Inc.
     (a) Medfield Residential Treatment Center, Inc.
     (a) Modesto Psychiatric Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) Modesto Psychiatric Realty, Inc.
           (b) Modesto Associates Limited Partnership (CANCELED 8/31/93)
     (a) Naperville Psychiatric Ventures
     (a) Nashua Brookside Hospital, Inc.
     (a) North Houston Healthcare Campus, Inc.
     (a) Northeast Behavioral Health, Inc.
     (a) Northeast Psychiatric Associates - 2, Inc.
     (a) Outpatient Recovery Centers, Inc.

                                       3
<PAGE>
 
     (a) P.D. at New Baltimore, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Alexandria, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Canoga Park, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Cape Girardeau, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Capital City, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Central Jersey, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Colorado, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Connecticut Development Company, Inc.
           (b) P.I.A. Connecticut Development/Ameen-Fierman (50%)
     (a) P.I.A. Cook County, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Denton, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Detroit, Inc.
           (b) Harbor Oaks Hospital Limited Partnership
     (a) P.I.A. Educational Institute, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. of Fort Worth, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Green Bay, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Highland, Inc.
           (b) Highland Psychiatric Associates (50%)
     (a) P.I.A. Highland Realty, Inc.
           (b) Highland Realty Associates (49%) (partnership)
     (a) P.I.A. Indianapolis, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Kansas City, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Lincoln, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Long Beach, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Maryland, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Michigan City, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Milwaukee, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Modesto, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Modesto Realty, Inc. (DISSOLVED 8/27/93)
           (b) Modesto Realty Limited Partnership (CANCELED 8/27/93)
     (a) P.I.A. Naperville, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. New Jersey, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. North Jersey, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Northern New Mexico, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Panama City, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Randolph, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Rockford, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. of Rocky Mount, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Salt Lake City, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. San Antonio, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. San Ramon, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Sarasota Palms, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Seattle, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Slidell, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Solano, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Specialty Press, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Stafford, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Stockton, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Tacoma, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Tidewater Realty, Inc.
           (b) I.P.T. Associates (50%) (partnership)
     (a) P.I.A. Topeka, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Visalia, Inc.

                                       4
<PAGE>
 
     (a) P.I.A. Waxahachie, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A. Westbank, Inc.
     (a) P.I.A.C. Realty Company, Inc.
     (a) PIAFCO, Inc.
     (a) Pinewood Hospital, Inc.
     (a) Potomac Ridge Treatment Center, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Division Consolidation, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Amarillo, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Asheville, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Azusa, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Evansville, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Lafayette, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Lawton, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Medfield, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Memphis, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Palm Springs, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Facility at Yorba Linda, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Alabama, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Atlanta, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Bedford, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Bucks County, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Chester County, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Columbus, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Delray, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Northern Kentucky, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Northern New Jersey, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Orlando, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Richmond, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of San Jose, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Sherman, Inc.
     (a) Psychiatric Institute of Washington, D.C., Inc.
     (a) Residential Treatment Center of Memphis, Inc.
     (a) Residential Treatment Center of Montgomery County, Inc.
     (a) The Residential Treatment Center of the Palm Beaches, Inc.
     (a) RiverWood Center, Inc.
     (a) Sandpiper Company, Inc.
     (a) Southern Crescent Psychiatric Institute, Inc.
     (a) Southwood Psychiatric Centers, Inc.
     (a) Springwood Residential Treatment Centers, Inc.
     (a) Tidewater Psychiatric Institute, Inc.
     (a) The Treatment Center at Bedford, Inc.
     (a) Tucson Psychiatric Institute, Inc.
     (a) Tulsa County Health Services, Inc.
Northshore Hospital Management Corporation
RHSC Hospitals, Inc.
     (a) Allegheny Health Corporation
     (a) Blair County Health Corporation
     (a) Broward County Health Corporation
     (a) C.C. Health Corporation
     (a) Capital Hospital Corporation
     (a) Corpus Christi Rehab Realty, Inc.
          (b) Corpus Christi Realty Limited Partnership
     (a) Edison Rehab Corporation

                                       5
<PAGE>
 
     (a) El Paso Health Corporation
     (a) Extended Care Centers, Inc.
     (a) FC Health Corporation
     (a) Healthcare Development, Inc.
     (a) Intervalley Health Corporation
     (a) Lakeside Health Corporation
     (a) LEIR Institute, Inc.
     (a) Montgomery Rehabilitation Hospital, Inc.
     (a) Neuro-Rehab Associates, Inc. (51%)
     (a) Outpatient Rehab of Montgomery County, Inc.
     (a) Pennsylvania Health Corp.
           (b) MRS Orthotics, Inc.
           (b) Mechanicsburg Sub-Acute Rehab Associates
     (a) Pinecrest Rehabilitation Hospital, Inc.
     (a) Rehab Health Corporation of New Jersey
     (a) Rehab Hospital of Florida, Inc.
     (a) Rehab of Melbourne, Inc.
     (a) Rehab-Salt Lake, Inc.
           (b) RHSC/Salt Lake Limited Partnership
     (a) Rehabilitation Hospital Division Consolidation, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Facility at Austin, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Facility at Salt Lake City, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Facility at San Diego, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Facility at San Ramon, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Facility at Texarkana, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Hospital of Gaston County, Inc.
     (a) Rehabilitation Hospital of Wilmington, Inc.
     (a) RHD Alternative Services, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Columbus, Inc.
     (a) RHSC Corpus Christi, Inc.
           (b) Corpus Christi Rehab Associates Limited Partnership
     (a) R.H.S.C. El Paso, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Hartford, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Midland, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Modesto, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. New London, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Orlando, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Prosthetics, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Rockford, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. San Antonio, Inc.
           (b) San Antonio Associates Limited Partnership
           (b) HCPI/San Antonio Limited Partnership
     (a) R.H.S.C. Stamford, Inc.
     (a) R.H.S.C. Wichita, Inc.
     (a) Sahara Development Company, Inc.
     (a) Salt Lake Rehab Realty, Inc.
           (b) Realty Salt Lake Limited Partnership
     (a) San Antonio Rehab Corporation
     (a) Sebastian County Health Services, Inc.
     (a) South Texas Rehab Corporation
     (a) Transitional Living Center of Broward County, Inc.
     (a) Transitional Living Center of Dallas County, Inc.
     (a) Treasure Coast Health Corporation

                                       6
<PAGE>
 
     (a) University Rehabilitation Services, Inc.
     (a) York County Health Corporation
Syndicated Office Systems
T.A.D. Avanti, Inc.
Wilshire Rental Corp.
Women's Medical Center of America, Inc.

INACTIVE CORPORATIONS

Ambulatory Health Systems, Inc. (Inactive)
Medfield Corporation (Inactive)
Medical Investors Management Corporation (Inactive)
MICA of New York, Inc. (Inactive)
National Medical Specialties, Inc. (Inactive)
NME Acquisition, Inc. (Inactive)
NME Partners, Inc. (Inactive)
Westbank Medical Center. Ltd. (Inactive)

                                       7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>19
<DESCRIPTION>KPMG CONSENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 23

                            ACCOUNTANTS' CONSENT AND
                        REPORT ON CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES



The Board of Directors and Stockholders
National Medical Enterprises, Inc.:

     Under date of July 27, 1994, we reported on the consolidated balance sheets
of National Medical Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 31, 1994 and
1993, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity,
and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31,
1994, as contained in the 1994 annual report to stockholders.  These
consolidated financial statements and our report thereon are incorporated by
reference in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year 1994.  In connection
with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements, we also
audited the related consolidated financial statement schedules as listed in the
accompanying index.  These financial statement schedules are the responsibility
of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statement schedules based on our audits.  In our opinion, based
on our audits, such schedules, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein.

     We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated July
27, 1994, in the Company's Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 2-96780,
33-39130, 33-39563, 33-40212 and 33-45689) and Registration Statements on Form
S-8 (Nos. 33-11478, 2-95774, 2-87611, 2-69472, 2-79401, 33-35688, 33-50180 and
33-50182).



KPMG Peat Marwick LLP


Los Angeles, California
August 25, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
