-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 NZ7E7GPsccBTXybi2BJXzyGaAoraTFx4gzBfgVQCcgPhw0RO6fot/hY8smJcwj7w
 6RDtumSOlyjP8R58Kc4LAQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000912057-94-003158.txt : 19941004
<IMS-HEADER>0000912057-94-003158.hdr.sgml : 19941004
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000912057-94-003158
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940920
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000765052
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	8062
		IRS NUMBER:				630817574
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13991
		FILM NUMBER:		94549682

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 GALLERIA PKWY STE 650
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4049335500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 723049
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL HEALTHCARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920218
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                            ------------------------

                                   FORM 10-K
(MARK ONE)
/X/ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994 OR

/ / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM             TO

COMMISSION FILE NO. 0-13991
                             ---------------------

                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

<TABLE>
<S>                           <C>
          DELAWARE                  63-0817574
(State or other jurisdiction     (I.R.S. Employer
    of incorporation or       Identification Number)
       organization)
</TABLE>

            300 Galleria Parkway, Suite 650, Atlanta, Georgia 30339
                                 (404) 933-5500
                         (Principal executive offices)

                            ------------------------

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Class A Common Stock, $0.05 par value

    Indicate  by check  mark whether  the registrant  (1) has  filed all reports
required to be filed by  Section 13 or 15(d) of  the Securities Exchange Act  of
1934  during the preceding  12 months, and  (2) has been  subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes _X_ No ____

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure  of delinquent filers pursuant to  Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best  of Registrant's knowledge,  in definitive proxy  or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K. (X)

    The aggregate market  value of the  Class A Common  Stock of the  Registrant
held  by nonaffiliates of the Registrant on August 26, 1994 was $69,864,523. The
aggregate market value was determined by  reference to the closing price of  the
stock  on such date and excludes for the purpose of this calculation shares held
by officers and directors.

    The number of shares of the Registrant's Common Stock outstanding at  August
26, 1994.

               $0.05 par value Class A common stock -- 3,206,862
                 $0.05 par value Class B common stock -- 64,102

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

                                     None.

- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
PROPOSED MERGER

    Hallmark  Healthcare Corporation ("Hallmark" or the "Company") is a party to
an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 10,  1994
(the  "Merger Agreement"),  among Hallmark,  Community Health  Systems, Inc. and
Community  Acquisition  Corp.   Consummation  of  the   merger  (the   "Merger")
contemplated by the Merger Agreement is subject, among other things, to approval
of  the  Merger Agreement  by Hallmark's  stockholders at  a special  meeting of
stockholders to be held on October  5, 1994. A Joint Proxy  Statement/Prospectus
relating   to  the  Merger  was  mailed  on  September  2,  1994  to  Hallmark's
stockholders on the record date of the special meeting, August 26, 1994. If  the
Merger is consummated, each outstanding share of Hallmark's Common Stock will be
converted  into the right to receive .97 shares of the Common Stock of Community
Health Systems, Inc., and each outstanding share of Hallmark's 25% Participating
Cumulative Convertible Redeemable  Preferred Stock  will be  converted into  the
right  to receive 5.4  shares of the  Common Stock of  Community Health Systems,
Inc. If the stockholders  of Hallmark and the  stockholders of Community  Health
Systems, Inc. approve the Merger and the other conditions to consummation of the
Merger are satisfied, Hallmark anticipates that the Merger will become effective
on October 5, 1994 or shortly thereafter.

GENERAL

    Hallmark  is  a  hospital  management company  engaged  in  the  business of
providing a  broad  range  of  healthcare  services  primarily  to  patients  in
non-urban communities. As of June 30, 1994, Hallmark operated 17 hospitals, with
an  aggregate capacity of 1,405 licensed beds, 200 of which were used to provide
psychiatric services. Hallmark's hospitals are located in non-urban  communities
in eight states, primarily in the southern United States. Hallmark believes that
it is the sole provider of general acute-care hospital services in ten of the 16
communities  it serves, because its nearest competitor is at least fifteen miles
away or,  in one  case,  there is  no competing  hospital  located in  the  area
Hallmark  considers to be its primary market. Of Hallmark's 17 hospitals, 15 are
owned and  two  are  leased.  Hallmark also  manages  one  acute-care  hospital,
operates  one nursing home  facility, owns another nursing  home, and, through a
majority-owned subsidiary manages pain treatment  centers in hospitals owned  by
other companies.

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

    The  Healthcare  Financing  Administration  ("HCFA")  of  the  United States
Department of Health and Human  Services estimates that healthcare  expenditures
in  the United States  increased to 14%  of the gross  domestic product in 1992,
compared to  13.2%  in  1991.  Total healthcare  expenditures  during  1992  are
estimated  by  HCFA  at  $839  billion. Hospitals,  the  largest  sector  in the
industry, accounted  in 1992  for an  estimated $323  billion, or  38.5% of  all
healthcare   expenditures.  Although  government   programs,  private  insurance
companies, managed-care companies  and self-insured  employers have  implemented
and  will continue  to implement  various cost-containment  measures, healthcare
expenditures are expected to  continue to increase  at a rate  in excess of  the
rate  of increase in gross domestic product because of such factors as the aging
of the  population, increased  utilization  as health  coverage is  expanded  to
include  previously uninsured  populations, costs of  technological advances and
general inflation.

    Cost-containment measures have, in recent years, together with technological
advances, resulted  in a  significant  shift from  delivery  of services  on  an
inpatient basis to outpatient care. Inpatient admissions have declined; and, due
to  cost-containment pressures and technological  advances, lengths of stay have
declined even though the  typical inpatient is more  ill and, accordingly,  uses
more services than in the past.

    Most   cost-containment  measures  implemented  in  recent  years  by  major
third-party payors for  hospital services  include changes  in payment  methods,
increased utilization review and pre-admission

                                       1
<PAGE>
certification  requirements.  The most  significant of  these  is the  change in
payment methods. The Medicare program  has initiated a reimbursement system  for
hospital  operating costs  whereby a  hospital receives  a fixed  payment for an
inpatient stay based on  the patient's diagnosis, without  regard to the  actual
cost  of delivery of care to  that patient. Certain private insurance companies,
managed-care companies and  self-insured employers and  state Medicaid  programs
have  implemented payment method changes that  generally have the same effect as
the Medicare  diagnosis related  groups ("DRG")  system. Accordingly,  hospitals
increasingly bear the risk of not being fully reimbursed for their actual costs;
and,  in order  to maintain profitability,  hospitals need  to deliver inpatient
care efficiently and to control their costs of providing services.

    On October  27,  1993,  President Clinton  submitted  to  Congress  proposed
comprehensive  healthcare reform legislation. Several other comprehensive reform
proposals have  been and  are expected  to be  introduced in  the Congress,  and
comprehensive  alternatives  to  the  Presidents'  proposal  have  recently been
introduced by  majority  leaders in  the  house and  senate.  Healthcare  reform
legislation  is also pending  in some state  legislatures. See "-- Reimbursement
and Regulatory Matters."  Hallmark cannot  predict the effect  such reforms  may
have on its business or its future operations.

BUSINESS STRATEGY

    Hallmark's  business  strategy is  to be  the sole  or dominant  provider of
healthcare services  in the  communities  in which  its hospitals  are  located.
Hallmark  believes this business strategy  provides the opportunity to establish
and maintain  profitable operations  in  a rapidly  changing industry  for  four
reasons.  First, its non-urban acute care hospitals face less direct competition
from other hospitals than do urban  hospitals and generally are the focal  point
for  the  delivery  of  primary  and  specialty  healthcare  services  in  their
communities.  Furthermore,  Hallmark's  hospitals  generally  face  less  direct
competition  from  specialty healthcare  providers,  such as  outpatient surgery
centers, diagnostic  centers and  rehabilitation,  mental health  and  substance
abuse  inpatient and outpatient programs. Second, Hallmark's hospitals generally
provide primary care services  and specialty care  services in conjunction  with
family-practice,  internal-medicine and general  practice physicians and general
surgeons.  Hallmark  believes   the  role   of  physicians   and  hospitals   as
complementary  providers of primary care services  is being and will continue to
be enhanced  as government,  private third-party  payors and  employers  utilize
primary  care  physicians  as  gatekeepers  for  specialized  healthcare. Third,
Hallmark's  hospitals,  working  together   with  primary  care  and   specialty
physicians  in the  community, may  reduce out-migration  of community residents
seeking primary inpatient and outpatient  hospital services and thereby  improve
hospital  operating  performance. Fourth,  Hallmark's  position as  the  sole or
dominant provider of community healthcare  services also lowers the  competitive
pressure  to provide  expensive but under-utilized  specialty services, allowing
Hallmark to operate on a cost-effective basis.

    Hallmark has  implemented  its  business strategy  by  (i)  introducing  new
specialty  services; (ii) emphasizing improved and expanded outpatient services;
(iii) recruiting physicians to its communities, which generally have experienced
physician shortages; and  (iv) assisting  physicians in  practice management  so
they  can  devote more  of their  efforts  to patient  care. Each  of Hallmark's
hospitals  formulates  individual  business  objectives  designed  to  meet  the
healthcare  needs  of the  community  it serves  and  to improve  the hospital's
operating performance.  In  recent years  Hallmark's  ability to  incur  capital
expenditures  to enhance inpatient and outpatient services has been limited, due
to restrictions  in  Hallmark's credit  agreements  and limited  access  to  new
capital.

    New  inpatient services that have  been established at Hallmark's hospitals,
based on  local needs,  include inpatient  psychiatric treatment  and  substance
abuse   treatment  programs,  skilled  nursing  units,  specialized  psychiatric
treatment programs for  geriatric patients, home  health services,  laparoscopic
surgical  procedures, and "swing bed" programs, which permit the use of hospital
beds as nursing home beds under  certain conditions. For example, since July  1,
1991,  Hallmark has converted  95 of its licensed  beds to geriatric psychiatric
services and 23  of its licensed  beds to skilled  nursing beds. Furthermore  in
fiscal   1993,   one   of   Hallmark's  hospitals   qualified   as   a  Medicaid
disproportionate share  hospital  and  received  significant  revenue  from  the
program. Net inpatient revenues on a same-

                                       2
<PAGE>
hospital   basis  increased  $14,769,000  and  $10,404,000  in  1993  and  1994,
respectively, substantially as  a result of  the addition of  such services  and
payments received under the Medicaid disproportionate share program.

    Hallmark  has increased  its outpatient  revenues in  recent years  with the
introduction of procedures that are the result of technological advances in  the
industry,  including  mobile  magnetic  resonance  imaging  equipment,  advanced
diagnostic  imaging,  vascular  imaging  and  improvements  in  ultrasound   and
mammography. These procedures are designed to enable Hallmark to reduce the out-
migration  of community residents to tertiary hospitals and, together with other
factors, have  increased  net  outpatient  revenues  on  a  same-hospital  basis
approximately  $7.2 million and $4.7 million in 1992 and 1993, respectively. Net
outpatient revenues in fiscal 1994 was substantially unchanged from fiscal 1993.

    In fiscal 1994, Hallmark recruited 59 new physicians, including 46 specialty
physicians, to 14 of its hospitals. To recruit and retain qualified  physicians,
Hallmark  generally assists  recruited physicians  in establishing  and managing
their private  practices and  provides office  space proximate  to most  of  its
hospitals  to medical  staff physicians. At  most of its  hospitals, Hallmark is
developing affiliations with physicians that involve offering combined physician
and hospital services to third-party payors and self-insured employers. Hallmark
also seeks to  maintain a  sound relationship  with its  physicians through  its
Physician   Leadership  Council,  established  in   April  1992.  The  Physician
Leadership Council members  meet on a  periodic basis to  discuss common  issues
with Hallmark's operations management.

    In   addition  to  recruiting  and   establishing  affiliations  with  local
physicians, some of Hallmark's hospitals seek to improve care and to reduce  the
extent  of patient  out-migration by establishing  relationships with physicians
affiliated with tertiary  care hospitals  in nearby  areas. These  relationships
enable  Hallmark's hospitals and local physicians to provide coordinated care to
community residents  before  and  after  their  treatment  at  a  tertiary  care
hospital.

PATIENT SERVICES

    Each  of Hallmark's  hospitals is operated  by a  wholly-owned subsidiary of
Hallmark and provides the inpatient and outpatient medical and surgical services
typically available  in  non-urban  hospitals  of small  to  medium  size.  Such
services,  which  vary by  hospital,  generally include  operating  and recovery
rooms,   intensive   care,   diagnostic   radiology   facilities,    pharmacies,
laboratories, outpatient facilities and emergency departments.

    Hallmark  devotes a total of 200 beds in ten of its hospitals to psychiatric
care and provides, in  connection with its  psychiatric services, inpatient  and
outpatient  treatment programs  which include individual  therapy, group therapy
and occupational and  other adjunctive  therapies to  psychiatric and  substance
abuse patients. At six of such hospitals, 95 of the psychiatric beds are used to
provide  psychiatric  services  to geriatric  mental  health  patients. Hallmark
believes that many of its geriatric  mental health patients would not  otherwise
receive  mental healthcare and  that, after treatment,  these patients generally
have an improved quality of life.

    Five of Hallmark's  hospitals provide  home health  services, including,  at
particular  locations,  physical therapy,  respiratory therapy,  medications and
other services to patients in their homes. One of Hallmark's hospitals  operates
a  108-bed nursing home  that adjoins the hospital.  Six of Hallmark's hospitals
have portions  of their  licensed bed  complements designated  as "swing  beds,"
which permits the use of these beds as skilled nursing home beds when needed.

                                       3
<PAGE>
    The  following table sets  forth certain operating data  and net revenues of
Hallmark on a same hospital basis, for all hospitals operated at June 30, 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       YEARS ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                  -------------------------------
                                                                    1992       1993       1994
                                                                  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                               <C>        <C>        <C>
Operating Data:
  Hospitals at year-end (1).....................................         16         17         17
  Licensed beds at year-end.....................................      1,428      1,405      1,405
  Average beds in service.......................................      1,229      1,217      1,205
  Admissions....................................................     26,920     27,486     28,911
  Patient days..................................................    141,690    156,616    164,643
  Equivalent patient days (2)...................................    204,188    225,356    235,698
  Average length of stay (days).................................        5.3        5.7        5.7
  Occupancy rate (3)............................................       31.6%      35.3%      37.4%
Net patient service revenues:
  Inpatient Services............................................       66.6%      67.1%      68.6%
  Outpatient Services...........................................       29.4%      28.6%      26.7%
  Other Services................................................        4.0%       4.3%       4.7%
                                                                  ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total Services..............................................      100.0%     100.0%     100.0%
                                                                  ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                  ---------  ---------  ---------
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  The number of hospitals increased because of the separate licensing as  two
     hospitals of a facility formerly operated as one hospital.

(2)  Represents inpatient days adjusted to reflect outpatient utilization.

(3)  Based  on average  beds in  service. Occupancy  based on  licensed beds was
     27.2%, 30.5% and 32.1% for 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively.
</TABLE>

    Occupancy  rates  at  hospital  facilities  are  affected  by  many  factors
including, among others, the hospital's relationship with its medical staff, the
service  area,  population  size  and  general  economic  conditions  within the
hospital's service area,  the level  of medical and  surgical services  offered,
outpatient  use of hospital services,  marketing efforts, treatment availability
at competing  facilities  and  types  of payor  plans  available  in  the  area.
Generally,  Hallmark's  hospitals experience  a  seasonal increase  in occupancy
during the quarters  ending March  31. Declining  hospital admissions  generally
have been an industry-wide trend since the Federal Medicare program began basing
hospital  operating cost reimbursement on DRGs. This industry-wide trend has had
a significant effect on Hallmark's admissions, patient days and occupancy rates.
Hallmark believes the average occupancy rates for its hospital facilities in the
three-year  period  were  also  adversely  affected  by  payor  pressures  which
encourage  treatment other than inpatient treatment  and the residual effects of
the operational  and financial  difficulties experienced  by Hallmark.  See  "--
History  of Hallmark." Such industry-wide trends and payor pressures were offset
to some  extent  in fiscal  1993  and 1994  by  the addition  of  new  inpatient
programs, principally geriatric psychiatric Medicare programs and by the receipt
of   disproportionate-share   Medicaid  revenue.   The  addition   of  geriatric
psychiatric programs and  the increased  number of patients  under the  Medicaid
program  also had the effect of increasing the average length of stay for fiscal
1993 and fiscal 1994. Although outpatient  volume has increased over the  period
covered,  outpatient services  as a percentage  of net  patient service revenues
declined in  fiscal  1993 and  1994  because inpatient  revenue  increased  more
rapidly,  primarily as a  result of geriatric  psychiatric Medicare programs and
receipt of disproportionate-share Medicaid revenue.

SOURCES OF REVENUE

    Hallmark receives payment  for services  rendered to patients  from (i)  the
federal  government under the Medicare program; (ii) each of the states in which
its facilities are  located under the  Medicaid or similar  programs; and  (iii)
private insurers, other contractual arrangements and self-pay

                                       4
<PAGE>
patients.  The  following  table  sets  forth,  on  a  same-hospital  basis, the
approximate percentage of  net patient  service revenues  derived by  Hallmark's
hospitals from various payment sources for the last three fiscal years:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEARS ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                             ------------------------
                                                              1992     1993     1994
                                                             ------   ------   ------
<S>                                                          <C>      <C>      <C>
Medicare...................................................     44.6%    47.3%    48.7%
Medicaid...................................................     10.9%    14.3%    13.7%
Private and other (primarily commercial insurance).........     44.5%    38.4%    37.6%
                                                             ------   ------   ------
  Total....................................................    100.0%   100.0%   100.0%
                                                             ------   ------   ------
                                                             ------   ------   ------
</TABLE>

    Increases  in the percentage  of net patient  service revenues from Medicare
and Medicaid  generally  result  in  increased  contractual  adjustments  and  a
reduction  in net patient service revenues  per admission. As a result, Hallmark
has designated  case  managers to  maintain  efficient utilization  of  hospital
resources,  to maintain the delivery of appropriate patient care, to improve the
accuracy of diagnosis  coding, to  review the  progression of  treatment and  to
coordinate  the  education of  physicians in  coding  and billing.  In addition,
Hallmark seeks to control its operating costs by flexible staffing based on  the
volume  and acuity of patients, making available  to its hospitals the option of
participating in a  large purchasing group,  establishing wellness programs  for
its  employees,  and  continuous  evaluation of  the  cost/benefits  of contract
services.

    Hallmark believes the  decline in  the percentage of  revenues from  private
sources  for the three-year period is due  to (i) the aging population, which is
bringing  more   patients   under   the  Medicare   program,   (ii)   Hallmark's
implementation  of geriatric psychiatric Medicare programs, (iii) the receipt of
disproportionate share Medicaid revenue, (iv) the industry-wide trend toward the
increased use of less expensive outpatient treatment for many services which, in
general, are more likely to be used by non-Medicare patients, and (v)  increased
competition for private patients. See "-- Reimbursement and Regulatory Matters."

MANAGED CARE AND MARKETING

    In  the markets  in which Hallmark's  hospitals are  located, "managed care"
most often  involves  negotiated  discounts and  utilization  review  procedures
between  a  hospital and  self-insured or  partially self-insured  employers and
insurance companies and Medicare  and Medicaid cost-containment and  utilization
review   measures.   Health   maintenance   organizations,   preferred  provider
organizations and similar managed care programs, which often establish capitated
payment arrangements, have not  to date been  significant factors in  Hallmark's
markets. Hallmark believes its hospitals can compete effectively for the type of
managed  care business that exists in Hallmark's markets by being cost-efficient
providers of quality  primary care services.  As part of  Hallmark's efforts  to
obtain  additional  managed  care  revenues, Hallmark  intends  to  make certain
capital expenditures to enhance its ability to offer the mix of services desired
by these payors.

    Each  hospital  has   a  marketing   program  based  on   local  needs   and
opportunities.  The programs are designed to establish and enhance relationships
with medical staff physicians, with employers and other third-party payors,  and
with physicians associated with tertiary care hospitals in nearby areas that are
utilized by local residents. Physician relationships include recruiting, leasing
of  medical  office  building  space, practice  management  and,  more recently,
affiliating with  physicians  in offering  hospital  and physician  services  to
employers  and other third-party payors. Relationships with specialty physicians
affiliated with  tertiary  hospitals  provide  for  coordinated  care  of  local
residents  who are treated both in the  community and at a tertiary hospital and
are designed to reduce the extent  of out-migration of patients from  Hallmark's
service area.

COMPETITION

    In  ten  of  the  communities in  which  Hallmark's  hospitals  are located,
comprising 58.7% of its  available beds, the nearest  competitor hospital is  at
least    fifteen    miles    away   or,    in    one   case,    there    is   no

                                       5
<PAGE>
competitor hospital in the area Hallmark considers to be its primary market.  In
such  communities, as well  as in communities  with direct competition, however,
Hallmark's facilities face competition from larger regional hospitals or medical
centers in  the same  geographic area  to  which patients  may be  referred  for
treatment  of  conditions  requiring  specialized  treatment  or  care  or which
patients or physicians  may prefer  for elective  admissions. As  a response  to
these  competitive pressures,  certain of  Hallmark's hospitals  have agreements
with physicians at larger regional hospitals  to provide services on a  periodic
basis to patients in the local community.

    Seven  of Hallmark's hospitals, which represent 41.3% of its available beds,
face direct  competition  from  one  or  more  general  hospitals  in  the  same
community.  The competing facilities  are operated by  major hospital management
companies, by government  entities supported  by tax revenues,  or by  nonprofit
corporations  which may be supported by endowments and charitable contributions.
Forms of support such as  tax revenues, endowments and charitable  contributions
are  generally  not  available  to  Hallmark's  hospitals.  Some  of  Hallmark's
hospitals also face direct competition from specialized facilities (for example,
substance abuse, psychiatric or  freestanding surgery facilities) or  facilities
exclusively devoted to specialized populations (for example, military hospitals)
in the same or a nearby community.

    All  of Hallmark's hospitals  may face competition in  the future from newly
constructed facilities, particularly in those  states not having certificate  of
need laws as well as from alternative methods of delivering healthcare services.

    Hallmark's   management   believes  that   Hallmark's  ability   to  compete
successfully with other  hospital facilities  is influenced  principally by  the
number  and  quality of  physicians  on the  hospitals'  medical staffs  and the
hospitals' ability to participate  in reimbursement, insurance and  managed-care
programs. Staff physicians initiate virtually all admissions and many outpatient
referrals  to  acute-care  facilities.  Although a  physician  may  at  any time
terminate his or her affiliation with a hospital, Hallmark seeks to attract  and
retain  qualified  doctors of  varied  specializations on  its  hospital staffs.
Hospitals also compete through rate  structures and services. Hallmark seeks  to
encourage  its  hospital  managing  directors and  facility  staffs  to evaluate
periodically rates and  services and to  structure charges and  services in  its
facilities  to be competitive with those  of other local or regional facilities.
Hallmark's ability to add services is  limited by certificate of need laws,  its
financial condition and its physicians and employees.

EMPLOYEES AND MEDICAL STAFFS

    As  of June  30, 1994,  Hallmark had  approximately 2,100  full-time and 200
part-time employees,  including  32  corporate  staff  employees  whose  primary
purpose  is to  assist the administrative  staffs of  the individual facilities.
Approximately 44.8% of  these employees  were nursing  personnel (registered  or
licensed  vocational nurses).  Hallmark's employees  are not  represented by any
labor union. Hallmark believes  its relations with  its employees are  generally
satisfactory.

    As  of  June 30,  1994,  approximately 680  physicians  were members  of the
medical staffs of Hallmark's hospitals, of whom fewer than ten were employees of
Hallmark.

    Competition in the recruitment  of personnel in  the healthcare industry  is
substantial.   Many  hospital  markets  are  facing  shortages  of  nursing  and
professional medical  personnel and  it  is expected  that such  shortages  will
continue.

REIMBURSEMENT AND REGULATORY MATTERS

    REIMBURSEMENT.  A significant portion of Hallmark's revenues is derived from
patients covered by government and private contractual health programs. Payments
under  these  programs  are made  based  on cost,  a  negotiated rate,  or  at a
predetermined rate based upon the  patient's diagnosis, plus, in some  programs,
capital  costs and  other factors.  Revenues from  such government  programs are
recorded based  on  established  billing rates  less  allowances  and  estimated
adjustments  for patients covered by such programs  and are subject to audit and
final settlement.

                                       6
<PAGE>
    The principal  sources  of  Hallmark's contractual  payments  are  Medicare,
Medicaid,   Blue  Cross   and  private  insurance   programs  (including  health
maintenance organizations). Medicare is a federal program that provides  certain
hospital  and medical insurance benefits to persons  age 65 and over and to some
disabled  persons.  Medicaid  is  a  federal-state  medical  assistance  program
administered   by  the  states  and  provides  hospital  assistance  to  certain
individuals defined as "medically indigent." Blue Cross is a private  healthcare
program   that  provides  hospital  benefits  to  subscribers  through  numerous
independent plans varying by state. All of Hallmark's hospitals are certified as
providers of Medicare and Medicaid and  participate to varying degrees in  other
reimbursement programs.

    Amounts  received under Medicare, Medicaid,  Blue Cross programs and various
health  maintenance  organizations  are  generally  less  than  the   hospital's
customary   charges  for  the  services  covered.  Patients  are  generally  not
responsible for any  difference between customary  hospital charges and  amounts
reimbursed  under  Medicare,  Medicaid  and Blue  Cross  programs  or  by health
maintenance organizations for such services,  but are responsible to the  extent
of any noncovered services, deductibles or co-insurance.

    Under the Prospective Payment System ("PPS"), Medicare payment for operating
costs  is made  at a  predetermined, specific  rate for  each hospital inpatient
based on the patient's diagnosis under the DRG classification system. Currently,
all of Hallmark's hospitals  are reimbursed through the  PPS system for  general
acute   care  services.  Hallmark's  inpatient   psychiatric  services  are  not
reimbursed through the PPS system. The Medicare program reimburses Hallmark  for
psychiatric  services on a  reasonable cost basis, subject  to the provisions of
the  Tax  Equity   and  Fiscal  Responsibility   Act  ("TEFRA").  Under   TEFRA,
reimbursement  for reasonable costs  is limited by a  hospital's base year costs
per discharge, as updated by the Medicare program.

    In fiscal 1992 to 1994,  four of Hallmark's hospitals received  supplemental
Medicare  reimbursement for  operating costs due  to geographic reclassification
adjustments relating to the salaries and  wages component of PPS payments.  This
adjustment is available to certain non-urban hospitals that are located close to
urban  areas  and reflects  the  effect on  such  hospitals' salaries  and wages
expense of proximity to an urban area. In fiscal 1992 to 1994, one of Hallmark's
hospitals received supplemental Medicare  reimbursement for operating costs  due
to  its qualification as a Medicare  dependent hospital. This supplement is paid
by Medicare to rural hospitals having less than 100 beds that provide a specific
volume of services to Medicare  patients. Hallmark cannot predict whether  these
types  of  supplemental Medicare  reimbursement will  be available  to hospitals
after fiscal 1994.

    In addition to  the Medicare  PPS payment described  above, certain  capital
related   costs   (e.g.,   interest   associated   with   capital  expenditures,
depreciation, property taxes and  rental payments) were historically  reimbursed
on  a reasonable cost basis subject  to certain limitations. Federal legislation
reduced reimbursement of such costs to 85% effective October 1, 1988, subject to
certain adjustments. In  1991 HCFA  issued final  regulations that  incorporated
capital  costs into PPS effective for  Medicare cost reporting periods beginning
on or after October 1, 1991. The  incorporation of capital cost into PPS,  which
does  not  affect  Hallmark's  freestanding  psychiatric  hospital,  includes  a
ten-year  transition  period.  Hallmark  has  determined  that  the  change   in
reimbursement  method should not have a  materially adverse effect on Hallmark's
existing operations in  the early years.  If Hallmark replaces  or rebuilds  any
hospital,  such  hospital would  be subject  to limitations  in the  PPS capital
reimbursement methodology, which  would result in  reimbursement limitations  on
certain new capital invested in such new or replacement facility. In addition to
hospital inpatient and ancillary service payments, the Medicare program provides
reimbursement  to hospitals  for outpatient services.  Previously, such services
were reimbursed on  the basis  of 100% of  reasonable cost.  For cost  reporting
periods  beginning  October 1,  1987, Medicare  payments for  certain outpatient
surgery services  were reduced  to the  lower of  (i) a  percentage of  hospital
costs,  (ii) a percentage  of customary charges, or  (iii) a prospective payment
rate based upon the hospital's historical  costs and the rates paid by  Medicare
for  similar  procedures  performed in  freestanding  surgical  centers. Further
limits of Medicare payments for  outpatient radiology services became  effective
October  1, 1988. Radiology  and imaging services  are paid at  the lower of (i)
reasonable costs, (ii) customary charges or (iii) a blend of costs and  adjusted

                                       7
<PAGE>
physician charges. Hallmark's level of reimbursement for outpatient services has
decreased  as a result of  these changes and Hallmark  expects its percentage of
reimbursed cost  for such  services  to further  decrease.  The extent  of  such
decrease  will be dependent upon the volume of such outpatient services rendered
to Medicare program patients.

    A number  of  states also  utilize  a  prospective payment  system  or  have
established  a program to  negotiate payment levels  at individual hospitals for
their state  Medicaid  programs.  Additionally, many  states  have  become  more
aggressive  in  obtaining federal  matching funds  for their  Medicaid programs,
particularly for "disproportionate share" hospitals.  A hospital qualifies as  a
"disproportionate share" hospital on the basis of the percentage of its patients
who  are Medicaid or other indigent patients  and so qualifies if its percentage
of such  patients exceeds  a  percentage level  fixed  by the  applicable  state
Medicaid program. Eleven of Hallmark's hospitals received
"disproportionate-share" revenue in fiscal 1994. Several states have enacted, or
plan  to enact, a service  tax based on a  percentage of hospitals' net revenue.
Historically, such taxes collected by the states have been subsequently remitted
to hospitals through various reimbursement  methodologies; however, there is  no
assurance  any such  state program  will continue to  remit such  tax revenue to
hospitals or that the amounts remitted will approximate the tax paid.

    In 1991, Congress adopted a law that limits the amounts that state  Medicaid
programs  can  pay to  "disproportionate-share" hospitals  in excess  of amounts
payable to other hospitals for services to Medicaid patients. Subject to certain
exceptions, no more than 12% of total  Medicaid spending can be used to  provide
"disproportionate-share"  additional  payments to  hospitals.  These limitations
expire in 1996, if Congress adopts certain new maximum Medicaid payment rules by
that time. Subject  to certain exceptions,  the 1991 law  also limits a  state's
share of Medicaid funds that may come from provider taxes.

    In August 1993, HCFA published final regulations which loosened national and
state limits on disproportionate share payments to hospitals by interpreting the
statute  as  setting target  percentage goals,  rather  than as  establishing an
absolute cap  on  disproportionate  share  expenditures.  The  effect  of  these
regulations  was to increase  the percentage of  the federal government's fiscal
year ("FY") 1993 Medicaid expenditures for disproportionate share hospitals from
12% to 13.7%.

    In recent years, Congress has attempted  to control the rising costs of  the
Medicare  and Medicaid programs by a variety of means, including limitations and
reductions of payments  that otherwise  would have  been made  to providers.  In
August  1993, Congress  enacted the  Omnibus Reconciliation  Act of  1993 ("OBRA
'93") which included reductions in updates to prospective payments to  hospitals
which  would reduce total  Medicare payments to hospitals  by $21.1 billion from
the federal government's FY 1994 through  FY 1998 budgets. Reductions in  update
factors  contained  in  OBRA '93  are:  for  FY 1995,  market  basket  minus 2.5
percentage points (urban hospitals) and market basket minus one percentage point
(rural hospitals); for FY 1995, market basket minus 2.5 percentage points (urban
hospitals) and  the amount  necessary  to equalize  the  rural and  other  urban
standardized  amounts (rural hospitals); for FY  1996, for all hospitals, market
basket minus two percentage points; for  1997, for all hospitals, market  basket
minus  0.5 percentage  points; for  FY 1998,  for all  hospitals, the percentage
increase in the hospital market basket. The hospital market basket is an  annual
estimate  of the increase in price of goods and services purchased by hospitals.
For FY  1994,  the  hospital market  basket  is  4.3%. Under  OBRA  '93,  13  of
Hallmark's  acute-care hospitals are classified as rural hospitals and three are
classified as urban hospitals.

    In addition, OBRA '93 reduced the federal rate for hospital capital expenses
by 7.4% for discharges occurring after FY 1993. Outpatient capital reimbursement
was reduced by 10% from FY 1996 through 1998.

    OBRA '93 requires that, in order to qualify for Medicaid reimbursement as  a
disproportionate  share  hospital, a  hospital  must have  a  Medicaid inpatient
utilization rate of at  least one percent. For  state fiscal years beginning  in
1995,   disproportionate   share   hospital  payment   adjustments   to  private

                                       8
<PAGE>
hospitals are  limited to  no more  than the  costs of  providing inpatient  and
outpatient  services to Medicaid and  uninsured patients, less payments received
from Medicaid  (other than  disproportionate  share adjustments)  and  uninsured
patients.

    OBRA  '93 did not have  a material adverse effect  on Hallmark's fiscal 1994
revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid  programs; and Hallmark does not  believe
that  OBRA '93 will  have a material  adverse effect on  its fiscal 1995 revenue
from such programs. The OBRA  '93 limitation on Medicaid disproportionate  share
reimbursement  has not to date  significantly affected Hallmark's hospitals; and
the combined effect of the limited increase in Medicare prospective payments and
the reduction in the reimbursement rate  for capital expenses has resulted in  a
small increase in the level of Medicare reimbursement.

    The  Medicare and Medicaid programs are  subject to statutory and regulatory
changes. Also, there  are substantial areas  subject to administrative  rulings,
interpretation,   governmental   funding  restrictions   and   requirements  for
utilization and quality review. Such  matters may significantly reduce  payments
made  under either or both federal programs to Hallmark's hospitals. Because the
requirements  for   certification   under   Medicare,   Medicaid   and   similar
reimbursement  programs are subject to change,  it may be necessary for Hallmark
to make changes in its services,  equipment, facilities and personnel to  remain
qualified  for such programs. Although management intends to take all reasonable
steps necessary  to  maintain Hallmark's  ability  to participate  in  available
reimbursement programs, there can be no assurance that Hallmark will continue to
be  able to qualify for participation in such programs. Furthermore, annual cost
reports required under these programs are  subject to audit which may result  in
significant  downward adjustments to the amounts  originally estimated to be due
Hallmark under these reimbursement programs. These audits often require  several
years  to reach  the final determination  of amounts earned  under the programs.
Management believes  that  adequate  provision has  been  made  for  retroactive
adjustments that might result from such audits.

    In  all states in  which Hallmark has facilities,  Blue Cross pays hospitals
for covered  services at  their established  hospital charges,  at a  percentage
thereof  at  rates  negotiated between  Blue  Cross  and the  hospital  or  at a
combination thereof.  Other  private  insurance carriers  also  reimburse  their
policyholders or make direct payments to hospitals for covered hospital services
at  established hospital  charges or a  percentage thereof.  Private payors have
increased and  are  increasing  their  cost  containment  measures  through  the
implementation  of various procedures including but not limited to pre-admission
qualification and utilization review. The privately-insured patient is generally
responsible to the hospital  for any difference  between the insurance  proceeds
and the total charges.

    In late 1993, President Clinton submitted to Congress proposed comprehensive
healthcare reform legislation. Several other comprehensive reform proposals have
been   introduced  in  the  Congress,  and  comprehensive  alternatives  to  the
President's proposal have recently been prepared and introduced by the  majority
leaders  in the House and Senate after  taking into account the terms of several
bills which passed various congressional committees. Debate and a vote on  these
bills  is scheduled  for the  late summer  of 1994,  and action  on other reform
proposals is possible if neither of the major proposals passes.

    Certain aspects of each  proposal offered by the  majority leaders, such  as
reductions in Medicare and Medicaid payments, if adopted, could adversely affect
Hallmark's business. In fiscal 1993 and 1994, Hallmark obtained 61.6% and 62.4%,
respectively,  of its net patient service revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. Other  aspects of  the  proposals by  the  majority leaders,  such  as
universal  health insurance coverage, could have a positive impact on Hallmark's
business by reducing  the amount  of uncompensated care  provided by  Hallmark's
hospitals. No assurance can be given that any reform proposal will be adopted or
implemented  or that  any reform proposal  which is ultimately  adopted will not
have a material adverse effect on Hallmark's financial condition and results  of
operations.

    In  addition to the federal reform initiatives, state legislatures also have
undertaken healthcare  reform initiatives  independent  of federal  reform.  The
States of Maine, Florida, Tennessee, California

                                       9
<PAGE>
and  Washington  have adopted  various types  of reform  legislation. It  is not
possible at this time to  predict what, if any, reforms  will be adopted by  the
states,  or when such reforms will be  adopted and implemented. No assurance can
be given that  any such reforms  will not  have a material  adverse effect  upon
Hallmark's revenues and earnings or upon the demand for Hallmark's services.

    REGULATION.   Hallmark's hospitals and the healthcare industry generally are
subject to extensive federal, state  and local governmental regulation  relating
to  licensure, conduct of operations,  construction of new facilities, expansion
of existing facilities and the offering of new services. Failure to comply  with
applicable  laws  and  regulations  could result  in,  among  other  things, the
imposition of fines, temporary  suspension of admission of  new patients to  the
facility   or,  in  extreme  circumstances,   exclusion  from  participation  in
government healthcare reimbursement  programs such as  Medicare and Medicaid  or
the  revocation  of facility  licenses. There  can be  no assurance  that future
regulatory changes will not have an adverse impact on Hallmark.

    The federal Anti-Kickback  Law prohibits  the knowing  and willful  payment,
receipt or offer of remuneration by healthcare providers, such as Hallmark, with
respect to any person, including a physician, to induce referrals of patients or
in exchange for such referrals. In addition to or in lieu of criminal penalties,
an  individual or entity can be excluded  from participation in the Medicare and
Medicaid programs  for violation  of the  Anti-Kickback Law.  Hallmark  recruits
physicians  to become  members of  the medical  staffs of  its hospitals  and to
establish private practices in the communities in which Hallmark's hospitals are
located. A limited  number of the  physicians who admit  patients to  Hallmark's
hospitals   are  employed  by  Hallmark.   Hallmark  has  entered  into  various
relationships  and  compensation  arrangements  in  connection  with   physician
recruitment  which may  be subject to  the Anti-Kickback  Law. Although Hallmark
believes that these arrangements are  lawful, no "safe harbor" provisions  apply
to  physician recruitment  arrangements not involving  physician employment, and
evolving interpretations of the Anti-Kickback Law or the adoption of new federal
or state laws or regulations could make it necessary for Hallmark to restructure
certain of its arrangements. The Office  of Inspector General of the  Department
of   Health  and  Human  Services  has   proposed  a  "safe  harbor"  under  the
Anti-Kickback Law that, if adopted, would provide a "safe harbor" from violation
of such  law for  many of  Hallmark's recruiting  arrangements with  physicians.
Hallmark's  operations are  also subject  to a  number of  state laws regulating
relationships and compensation arrangements among healthcare providers.

    Healthcare facilities must comply with federal, state and local laws related
to, among others, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel,  operating
policies  and  procedures, fire  prevention,  rate setting,  building  codes and
environmental protection.  Facilities  are  subject to  periodic  inspection  by
governmental  and  other authorities  to  assure continued  compliance  with the
various standards  necessary  to maintain  licensure  and participation  in  the
Medicare  and Medicaid programs. Management  believes that Hallmark's facilities
are  in  substantial  compliance  with  applicable  federal,  state,  local  and
independent  review body regulations and  standards necessary for the operations
of such facilities as conducted.

    In certain  instances,  governmental  or other  inspections  may  result  in
notification  to a  facility of  certain deficiencies.  Failure to  correct such
deficiencies can result  in termination  of a facility's  Medicare and  Medicaid
program  certification  or its  operating license.  In such  instances, Hallmark
initiates  steps  to  correct  cited   deficiencies  and  to  comply  with   the
requirements for maintaining such agreements and licenses.

    Most  of  Hallmark's hospitals  are accredited  by  the Joint  Commission on
Accreditation of Healthcare  Organizations. The  Joint Commission  is a  private
organization   that  establishes  standards  relating  to  the  physical  plant,
administration, quality of care, and medical staffs of hospitals.

    Because regulations and standards are subject to interpretation and  change,
there  can be no assurance  that Hallmark's facilities will  be able to maintain
their licenses, certification  or accreditation status.  Future changes in  such
legal,  regulatory and  independent review  body requirements  could necessitate
substantial capital expenditures in order  to comply with such requirements  and
there  is no assurance that, if called upon  to do so, Hallmark would be able to
fund such capital expenditures.

                                       10
<PAGE>
    Federal law contains  numerous provisions designed  to insure that  services
rendered  by hospitals to Medicare and Medicaid patients are medically necessary
and are of quality which meets professionally recognized standards and to insure
that claims  for reimbursement  under  the Medicare  and Medicaid  programs  are
properly  filed. Among other  things, services provided  at Hallmark's hospitals
are subject  to periodic  review  by Peer  Review Organizations  ("PRO's").  All
hospitals  which participate  in the Medicare  program are subject  to review by
PRO's. PRO activities include reviews of (i) selected elective admissions,  (ii)
admissions which occur within seven days of a discharge from a general hospital,
(iii)  certain transfers of patients from one hospital to another, (iv) validity
of diagnostic  related group  classifications of  patients, (v)  admissions  and
services  to determine  medical necessity  and (vi)  admissions and  services to
determine whether  quality of  care meets  professionally recognized  standards.
PRO's have the authority to recommend to the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services  that a provider  who is in substantial  noncompliance with the medical
necessity and  quality  of care  standards  of a  PRO  or who  has  grossly  and
flagrantly  violated  an  obligation to  render  quality care  be  excluded from
participation in the Medicare  program or be required  to reimburse the  federal
government  for  certain  payments previously  made  to the  provider  under the
Medicare program.

    A hospital is  subject to civil  monetary penalties if  it makes claims  for
payment  for services which  were not rendered  or were rendered  by a person or
entity not properly licensed under state law.

    Except for  Louisiana and  Texas,  all of  the  states in  which  Hallmark's
healthcare  facilities  are  located  have  in  effect  certificate  of  need or
equivalent laws  which  generally  require that  the  appropriate  state  agency
approve  certain acquisitions and determine that a need for additional beds, new
services and certain capital  expenditures exists prior  to additional beds  and
new services being added, or the proposed capital expenditure (above a specified
level)  being spent. State approvals often are  issued for a specified period of
time. Failure to obtain necessary state approval can result in the inability  to
complete  an acquisition, addition or renovation, the imposition of civil or, in
some cases, criminal sanctions and the revocation of the facility's license.

    From time to  time, federal and  state governments as  well as insurers  and
others   have  conducted  and  may  conduct  inquiries  or  investigations  into
businesses in the healthcare industry. Hallmark cannot predict the occurrence or
outcome of any such investigations or whether any such investigations would lead
to sanctions  under  existing  laws  or  regulations,  changes  in,  or  in  the
interpretation   of,  existing  laws  or  regulations  or  legislation  imposing
additional regulations  on  healthcare  providers.  Hallmark  believes  that  it
conducts its business in compliance with applicable laws.

LIABILITY INSURANCE

    Hallmark  maintains hospital  professional and  commercial general liability
insurance coverage for occurrences after June 30, 1992 with maximum coverage  of
$25,000,000,  subject to a  self-insured retention of  $2,000,000 per occurrence
and  $6,000,000  annual  aggregate  for  hospital  professional  liability   and
$1,000,000 per occurrence and $3,000,000 annual aggregate for commercial general
liability.  Hallmark maintained  professional malpractice  insurance for certain
occurrences prior  to February  1988  but is  self-insured for  all  occurrences
between  February 1988  and June 1992.  The liability Hallmark  has recorded for
losses incurred and  claims made  is based  upon individual  case estimates  for
losses reported, and upon estimates on the basis of past experience for incurred
but not reported losses. These estimates are based on actuarial reports obtained
annually by Hallmark. Although Hallmark believes that its insurance policies and
reserves  are adequate, there  can be no  assurance that its  insurance and loss
reserves will cover all potential claims that may be asserted against  Hallmark.
Hallmark  is subject to claims  and legal actions by  patients and others in the
ordinary course of business. In management's opinion, the ultimate resolution of
such claims will not have a material effect on Hallmark's financial position  or
results of operations.

HISTORY OF HALLMARK

    Hallmark  was incorporated in 1981 under the  laws of the State of Delaware.
Hallmark began doing business  under its present name  in fiscal 1992. Prior  to
that  time, it  did business under  the name National  Healthcare, Inc. Hallmark
experienced rapid  growth  from 1981  through  late 1986.  During  this  period,
Hallmark  acquired 32 hospitals  having an aggregate of  2,495 licensed beds and

                                       11
<PAGE>
eight nursing homes having an aggregate of 515 licensed beds. The expansion  was
funded  primarily with the  proceeds of public  debt (approximately $28,000,000)
and equity offerings (approximately  $42,000,000) and borrowings  (approximately
$120,000,000)   from  certain   banks  (the   "Banks")  totalling  approximately
$190,000,000.

    Hallmark experienced financial difficulties as a result of its rapid growth.
In January 1987, Hallmark was named as  a defendant in a purported class  action
lawsuit  on behalf of certain purchasers of  Hallmark's common stock and 14 1/2%
Subordinated Debentures due 1997 (the  "14 1/2% Debentures"). In November  1987,
Hallmark  defaulted in the payment of interest on the 14 1/2% Debentures and, in
December 1987, defaulted in  the payment of principal  and interest on its  bank
credit facility.

    Hallmark  commenced restructuring negotiations with the Banks and settlement
negotiations with the plaintiffs in the purported class-action lawsuit in  1987.
In  December 1987, Hallmark entered into a settlement with the plaintiffs in the
class-action lawsuit  pursuant  to which  defendants  other than  Hallmark  paid
members  of the settlement  class approximately $9,925,000  in cash and Hallmark
issued approximately 60,000 shares  of 25% Participating Cumulative  Convertible
Redeemable  Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Stock") to members of the settlement
class. In January  1989, Hallmark  and its bank  lenders entered  into a  credit
agreement,  pursuant to which $112.4 million  of principal outstanding under the
previous credit facility,  together with approximately  $21.1 million of  unpaid
interest  and fees,  was converted into  three series of  notes totalling $133.5
million. Also in January 1989,  Hallmark's Common Stock was declared  ineligible
for trading on the NASDAQ automated quotation system.

    In  December 1989, Hallmark consummated a cash tender offer for a portion of
the 14 1/2% Debentures. As a result of the tender offer and a private  purchase,
Hallmark  purchased $10,441,000 principal  amount of the  14 1/2% Debentures for
approximately $902,000. Hallmark consummated an exchange offer for a portion  of
the  remaining 14 1/2% Debentures in June  1990. In the exchange offer, Hallmark
exchanged $9,795,000  principal  amount of  14  1/2% Debentures  for  $9,795,000
aggregate  principal amount  of a  new series  of debentures,  plus cash  in the
amount of  approximately  $294,000.  During fiscal  1993,  Hallmark  retired  or
restructured the balance of the 14 1/2% Debentures.

    Since June 30, 1987, Hallmark has sold or otherwise disposed of 15 hospitals
and six nursing homes. Hallmark applied the cash received from such dispositions
to  retire  or  refinance  certain indebtedness,  including  the  application of
approximately $34.9 million to reduce  indebtedness, including $26.1 million  of
prepayments  pursuant to the credit agreement. In  May 1991, the Banks agreed to
exchange $18.6 million principal amount of indebtedness outstanding pursuant  to
such  credit agreement  for approximately 390,000  shares of  Hallmark's Class B
Common Stock. In May 1993, Hallmark Class A Common Stock was listed for  trading
on The Nasdaq Stock Market. By June 30, 1993, Hallmark had reduced the principal
amount of such indebtedness to $64.2 million.

    During  fiscal 1994, Hallmark completed its financial restructuring with the
issuance of its 10  5/8% Senior Subordinated Notes  due 2003 (the "Notes").  The
net  proceeds  of the  offering  were used  to  repay in  full  the indebtedness
outstanding under Hallmark's formerly outstanding bank credit agreement as  well
as all of Hallmark's subordinated indebtedness.

    Hallmark  experienced  certain operational  difficulties during  fiscal 1987
through fiscal  1989 as  a  result of  its  financial difficulties  during  such
period.  The operational difficulties included (i) focus of management attention
on the  restructuring; (ii)  reduction of  management and  employee morale;  and
(iii)  erosion of support  for Hallmark's hospitals by  members of their medical
staffs. Hallmark  believes that  its  competitors sought  to use  its  financial
difficulties  as  means of  attracting  physicians and  other  referral sources.
Furthermore, Hallmark  believes certain  third-party  payors were  reluctant  to
enter  into agreements with Hallmark's hospitals  or otherwise refer patients to
Hallmark's hospitals during this period.  Hallmark believes that its process  of
financial restructuring is complete.

OTHER

    Hallmark manages a 230-bed general acute-care hospital owned by an unrelated
party  under a management  agreement that expires in  February 1995. Hallmark is
also the majority owner of Pain

                                       12
<PAGE>
Care, Inc. Pain Care,  Inc. operates and develops  centers for the treatment  of
pain.  Pain  Care, Inc.  does  not operate  any  treatment centers  in hospitals
operated by Hallmark. This  business is not material  to Hallmark's revenues  or
earnings.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

FACILITIES

    The  following table sets forth the name, location, type, number of licensed
beds and number of beds in service in the hospitals operated by Hallmark at June
30, 1994. The number of licensed beds represent the number of beds permitted  in
the  facility  under its  state  license. The  number of  beds  in service  in a
hospital is generally less than the number of licensed beds for various reasons,
including removal  of  beds  from  service  due  to  low  occupancy,  to  permit
alternative use of such space, and to permit renovation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              BEDS IN SERVICE
                                                              LICENSED   --------------------------
HOSPITAL                                                        BEDS     ACUTE  PSYCHIATRIC   TOTAL
- - ------------------------------------------------------------  --------   -----  -----------   -----
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>    <C>           <C>
Woodland Community Hospital (1)
  Cullman, Alabama                                               100        80       20         100
Parkway Medical Center
  Decatur, Alabama                                               120        94    --             94
L.V. Stabler Memorial Hospital
  Greenville, Alabama                                             74        74    --             74
Hartselle Medical Center
  Hartselle, Alabama                                             150       119    --            119
Harris Hospital (1)
  Newport, Arkansas                                              132        79       17          96
Randolph County Medical Center (1)(2)
  Pocahontas, Arkansas                                            50        40       10          50
Doctors Memorial Hospital (2)
  Bonifay, Florida                                                34        34    --             34
Berrien County Hospital (3)
  Nashville, Georgia                                              71        61    --             61
Crossroads Community Hospital (1)
  Mt. Vernon, Illinois                                            55        55    --             55
Byrd Regional Hospital (1)
  Leesville, Louisiana                                            70        43       22          65
NorthGate Hospital -- Many Campus
  Many, Louisiana                                                 68        52    --             52
NorthGate Hospital -- Pineville Campus (4)
  Pineville, Louisiana                                            33        14       19          33
RiverNorth Treatment Center (4)
  Pineville, Louisiana                                            66      --         35          35
Cleveland Community Hospital (1)
  Cleveland, Tennessee                                           100        55       30          85
White County Community Hospital
  Sparta, Tennessee                                               60        50       10          60
Hill Regional Hospital
  Hillsboro, Texas                                                69        47       17          64
Scenic Mountain Medical Center
  Big Spring, Texas                                              153       108       20         128
                                                              --------   -----      ---       -----
    Total                                                      1,405     1,005      200       1,205
                                                              --------   -----      ---       -----
                                                              --------   -----      ---       -----
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  The  number of licensed beds in  these facilities includes swing beds which
     are hospital beds  licensed to  serve as  nursing home  beds under  certain
     conditions.
(2)  These facilities are operated under long-term capitalized leases.
</TABLE>

                                       13
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>  <C>
(3)  Hallmark  also operates a 108-bed nursing  home that adjoins this hospital.
     The nursing home is leased under a long-term capitalized lease.
(4)  These hospitals  are  separately licensed  hospitals  located in  the  same
     building.
</TABLE>

    Hallmark  owns 15 and  leases 12 medical office  and clinic buildings. These
buildings are generally located adjacent to or proximate to a Hallmark hospital,
have an aggregate of approximately 138,000  square feet, and house an  aggregate
of approximately 200 physicians and other healthcare professionals.

    Hallmark's  corporate  offices occupy  approximately  15,000 square  feet of
office space at 300  Galleria Parkway, Suite 650,  Atlanta, Georgia. The  office
space is leased by Hallmark for a term which expires in September, 1996.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    None.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    No  matters were submitted to  a vote of security  holders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

                                       14
<PAGE>
                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

    The following table incorporates high and low sales prices of the  Company's
Class  A common stock after May 17, 1993 as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market.
Prior to May 17, 1993, the Hallmark's  stock was not listed on the NASDAQ  Stock
Market.  Accordingly,  prices  in the  following  table  prior to  May  17, 1993
represent high  and  low  bids as  reported  to  and compiled  by  the  National
Quotation  Bureau by market makers in the  Hallmark's Class A common stock. Such
bids represent quotations between  dealers and do  not include retail  mark-ups,
mark-downs   or  commissions.  Such  bids  do  not  necessarily  reflect  actual
transactions and  may not  reflect  transactions not  reported to  the  National
Quotation Bureau. All quotations have been adjusted to reflect a 1-for-5 reverse
stock split effected in November, 1992.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          1994               1993
                    ----------------  ------------------
FISCAL QUARTER       HIGH      LOW      HIGH       LOW
- - ------------------- -------  -------  ---------  -------
<S>                 <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
First Quarter       $12 1/8  $ 8 1/8  $ 4 17/32  $ 1 1/4
Second Quarter      $17 1/2  $ 9 5/8  $ 5        $ 2 1/2
Third Quarter       $17 1/4  $11 1/4  $ 4 5/8    $ 2 3/4
Fourth Quarter      $21 1/2  $ 9 1/2  $ 8 7/8    $ 3 1/2
</TABLE>

    There  were approximately  800 holders of  record in the  Hallmark's Class A
common stock as of August 26, 1994.

    The Company has never paid any cash  dividends on its common stock and  does
not  anticipate the  payment of  cash dividends  in the  foreseeable future. The
terms of the Company's note indenture, bank credit agreement and Preferred Stock
contain certain covenants which  significantly limit and/or restrict  Hallmark's
ability to declare and pay dividends on its commom stock.

                                       15
<PAGE>
ITEM 6.  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND STATISTICAL DATA
FIVE YEAR SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA*
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          YEAR ENDED JUNE 30
                                                                            ----------------------------------------------
                                                                               1990        1991        1992        1993
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                                             (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AND
                                                                                         STATISTICAL AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                                         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Statement of operations:
  Net patient service revenues............................................  $ 154,966   $ 156,025   $ 164,605   $ 172,521
  Other revenues..........................................................      4,172       5,243       5,400       6,716
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
      Total revenues......................................................    159,138     161,268     170,005     179,237
  Expenses:
    Salaries and benefits.................................................     67,234      67,718      72,957      75,641
    Supplies and other operating expenses.................................     59,653      61,469      65,380      72,901
    Interest (1)..........................................................     15,050       8,565       5,334       3,871
    Provision for bad debt................................................      9,679      11,125      11,775      10,796
    Depreciation and amortization.........................................      8,308       8,937       9,426       9,027
    Provision (credit) for losses on disposal of certain facilities and
     restructuring transactions...........................................     (4,086)      --         (2,133)      --
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Income from operations..................................................      3,300       3,454       7,266       7,001
  Gain on sale of hospital facility.......................................      --          --          --            752
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Income before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
   accounting change......................................................      3,300       3,454       7,266       7,753
  Provision for income taxes..............................................        346       1,966       3,261       3,303
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of accounting
   change.................................................................      2,954       1,488       4,005       4,450
  Extraordinary items:
    Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect.................      3,140       7,294          82       2,017
    Credit from utilization of net operating loss carryforwards...........      1,778       5,166       2,682       3,914
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change................      7,872      13,948       6,769      10,381
  Cumulative effect of accounting change..................................      --          --          --          --
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Net income..............................................................      7,872      13,948       6,769      10,381
  Accretion of preferred stock redemption requirement.....................         74         223         244         329
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Net income applicable to common stock...................................  $   7,798   $  13,725   $   6,525   $  10,052
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Net income per share:
    Net income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
     accounting change....................................................  $     .92   $     .44   $    1.19   $    1.29
    Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect.................        .97        2.15         .03         .59
  Extraordinary items:
    Credit from utilization of net operating loss carryforwards...........        .55        1.53         .80        1.13
    Cumulative effect of accounting change................................      --          --          --          --
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Net income..............................................................  $    2.44   $    4.12   $    2.02   $    3.01
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
                                                                            ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
  Common and Common Equivalent Shares outstanding.........................  3,231,752   3,386,583   3,358,491   3,449,752
  Other financial data:
    EBITDA (2)............................................................  $  22,572   $  20,956   $  19,893   $  20,651
    Capital expenditures..................................................      7,663       9,075       7,230       6,375
  Balance sheet data:
    Cash and cash equivalents.............................................  $   6,866   $   7,851   $   7,749   $   4,899
    Working capital (deficit).............................................     (2,472)      5,248         468       1,383
    Property and equipment, net...........................................    117,262     117,648     115,720     108,235
    Total assets..........................................................    173,487     176,950     169,865     159,877
    Total debt (3)........................................................    130,213     104,168      97,731      80,487
    Common stockholders' equity (deficit).................................    (26,647)    (11,839)     (5,200)      4,953
  Selected hospital statistics:
    Number of owned and leased hospitals (end of year)....................         19          18          18          17
    Licensed beds (end of year)...........................................      1,570       1,527       1,527       1,405
    Average beds in service...............................................      1,567       1,332       1,324       1,232
    Admissions (4)........................................................     40,964      32,976      29,403      27,502
    Occupancy rate (4)....................................................       38.3%       36.4%       31.8%       34.8%
    Patient days (4)......................................................    219,295     176,906     153,705     156,689
    Equivalent patient days (5)...........................................    282,938     238,847     221,334     225,512
*The consolidated financial statements in Item 8 and Management's Discussion and Analysis in Item 7 should be read in
 conjunction with these tables.

<CAPTION>

                                                                               1994
                                                                            ----------

<S>                                                                         <C>
Statement of operations:
  Net patient service revenues............................................  $ 182,788
  Other revenues..........................................................      8,756
                                                                            ----------
      Total revenues......................................................    191,544
  Expenses:
    Salaries and benefits.................................................     83,467
    Supplies and other operating expenses.................................     71,706
    Interest (1)..........................................................      7,502
    Provision for bad debt................................................     12,713
    Depreciation and amortization.........................................      9,428
    Provision (credit) for losses on disposal of certain facilities and
     restructuring transactions...........................................      --
                                                                            ----------
  Income from operations..................................................      6,728
  Gain on sale of hospital facility.......................................      --
                                                                            ----------
  Income before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
   accounting change......................................................      6,728
  Provision for income taxes..............................................      2,826
                                                                            ----------
  Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of accounting
   change.................................................................      3,902
  Extraordinary items:
    Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect.................     19,784
    Credit from utilization of net operating loss carryforwards...........      --
                                                                            ----------
  Net income before cumulative effect of accounting change................     23,686
  Cumulative effect of accounting change..................................        805
                                                                            ----------
  Net income..............................................................     24,491
  Accretion of preferred stock redemption requirement.....................        413
                                                                            ----------
  Net income applicable to common stock...................................  $  24,078
                                                                            ----------
                                                                            ----------
  Net income per share:
    Net income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
     accounting change....................................................  $    1.06
    Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect.................       5.37
  Extraordinary items:
    Credit from utilization of net operating loss carryforwards...........      --
    Cumulative effect of accounting change................................        .22
                                                                            ----------
  Net income..............................................................  $    6.65
                                                                            ----------
                                                                            ----------
  Common and Common Equivalent Shares outstanding.........................  3,681,410
  Other financial data:
    EBITDA (2)............................................................  $  23,658
    Capital expenditures..................................................      4,709
  Balance sheet data:
    Cash and cash equivalents.............................................  $  19,757
    Working capital (deficit).............................................     29,541
    Property and equipment, net...........................................    104,020
    Total assets..........................................................    173,020
    Total debt (3)........................................................     87,821
    Common stockholders' equity (deficit).................................     31,586
  Selected hospital statistics:
    Number of owned and leased hospitals (end of year)....................         17
    Licensed beds (end of year)...........................................      1,405
    Average beds in service...............................................      1,205
    Admissions (4)........................................................     28,911
    Occupancy rate (4)....................................................       37.4%
    Patient days (4)......................................................    164,643
    Equivalent patient days (5)...........................................    235,698
*The consolidated financial statements in Item 8 and Management's Discussi
 conjunction with these tables.
<FN>
- - ----------------------------------
(1)  For  the  fiscal  years ended  June  30,  1990, 1991,  1992  and  1993, the
     long-term debt  retirements  in  connection with  the  Company's  financial
     restructuring  were accounted for under SFAS  No. 15. The unrecognized gain
     from such  transactions was  deferred and  is classified  on the  Company's
     balance  sheet  as a  deferred  restructuring credit.  Amortization  of the
     deferred credit had the  effect of reducing  interest expense by  $859,000,
     $4,162,000,  $6,164,000,  $6,034,000 and  $2,072,000  for the  fiscal years
     ended June 30, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively. See Note 4 of
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
(2)  Represents earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and
     amortization, provisions (credits) for restructuring transactions, gain  on
     sale  of healthcare facility and  extraordinary items. The Company believes
     that EBITDA provides useful information regarding the Company's ability  to
     service  its  debt;  however,  EBITDA does  not  represent  cash  flow from
     operations as  defined by  generally  accepted accounting  principles,  and
     should  not be considered as a substitute for net income as an indicator of
     the Company's  operational performance  or to  cash flow  as a  measure  of
     liquidity.
(3)  Includes  long-term debt and related accrued interest classified as current
     at June 30, 1990,1991 and  1992 of $14,906,000, $6,237,000 and  $6,940,000,
     respectively.
(4)  Includes  statistics for  six hospital facilities  disposed of  or held for
     disposal in  1990,  comprised  of  516 beds,  36,694  patient  days,  6,474
     admissions and 45,807 equivalent patient days.
(5)  Represents inpatient days adjusted to reflect outpatient utilization.
</TABLE>

                                       16
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

    As  of  June 30,  1992,  Hallmark operated  18  hospitals with  an aggregate
capacity of 1,527  licensed beds. Hallmark  also operated one  nursing home  and
managed  one acute-care  hospital. During its  fiscal year ended  June 30, 1993,
Hallmark sold two hospitals  having an aggregate of  99 licensed beds.  Hallmark
recognized a gain of $752,000 from the sale of one of the facilities and no gain
or  loss on the other. For fiscal 1993,  the facilities that were sold had total
revenues of $974,000 and total expenses of $1,313,000 (excluding interest).  For
fiscal 1992, the facilities that were sold had total revenues of $12,646,000 and
total  expenses  of  $14,616,000  (excluding  interest).  As  a  result  of such
dispositions and the separate licensing as two hospitals of a facility  formerly
operated  as one hospital, the number of  hospitals operated by Hallmark at June
30, 1994 was 17.

    A substantial  portion of  Hallmark's revenue  is derived  from the  federal
Medicare  program  and state  Medicaid programs.  These programs  have undergone
changes in  recent  years designed  to  reduce healthcare  costs,  resulting  in
pressure  on hospitals and other healthcare  providers to reduce their costs and
limit the provision of services. These  changes have had, and future changes  in
such  statutes  and regulations  may have,  an adverse  effect on  Hallmark. For
information concerning the effect of  Medicare and Medicaid legislation  adopted
by  Congress in August 1993 on reimbursement  under these programs, see "Item 1.
Business -- Reimbursement and Regulatory Matters -- Reimbursement."

    A number of Hallmark's  hospitals qualify for "geographic  reclassification"
or  have  been  qualified  as  "disproportionate  share"  or  "small  dependent"
hospitals  under  the  Medicare  and/or  Medicaid  programs.  See  "Business  --
Reimbursement  and Regulatory Matters." These hospitals are reimbursed at a more
favorable rate  than similar  hospitals not  receiving such  designations. On  a
periodic  basis,  federal and  state regulatory  authorities perform  reviews of
participating hospitals to ensure continued compliance with program requirements
and, therefore, qualification for these designations. There can be no  assurance
that  Hallmark will be able to retain these favorable designations in the future
for all, or any, of these hospitals,  that these programs will continue or  that
any   programs  intended  to  replace  such  programs  will  be  as  financially
advantageous to Hallmark as the existing programs. The loss of such designations
or programs could have a material adverse effect on Hallmark's operations.

    In late 1993, President Clinton submitted to Congress proposed comprehensive
healthcare reform legislation. Several other comprehensive reform proposals have
been  introduced  in  the  Congress,  and  comprehensive  alternatives  to   the
President's  proposal have recently been prepared and introduced by the majority
leaders in the House and Senate after  taking into account the terms of  several
bills  which passed various congressional committees. Debate and a vote on these
bills is scheduled for late summer 1994, and action on other reform proposals is
possible if neither of the major proposals passes.

    Certain aspects of each  proposal offered by the  majority leaders, such  as
reductions in Medicare and Medicaid payments, if adopted, could adversely affect
Hallmark's business. In fiscal 1993 and 1994, Hallmark obtained 61.6% and 62.4%,
respectively,  of its net patient service revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. Other  aspects of  the  proposals by  the  majority leaders,  such  as
universal  health insurance coverage, could have a positive impact on Hallmark's
business by reducing  the amount  of uncompensated care  provided by  Hallmark's
hospitals. No assurance can be given that any reform proposal will be adopted or
implemented  or that  any reform proposal  which is ultimately  adopted will not
have a material adverse effect on Hallmark's financial condition and results  of
operations.

    In  addition to the federal reform initiatives, state legislatures also have
undertaken healthcare  reform initiatives  independent  of federal  reform.  The
States  of  Maine, Florida,  Tennessee, California  and Washington  have adopted
various types  of  reform  legislation. It  is  not  possible at  this  time  to

                                       17
<PAGE>
predict  what,  if any,  reforms will  be adopted  by the  states, or  when such
reforms will be adopted and implemented. No assurance can be given that any such
reforms will not  have a material  adverse effect upon  Hallmark's revenues  and
earnings or upon the demand for Hallmark's services.

    Hallmark's  hospitals  have historically  operated  at low  occupancy levels
relative to  hospitals in  more urban  environments. Accordingly,  Hallmark  has
sought  to manage  its operating  expenses in  such a  way as  to be  a low-cost
provider. However,  low occupancy  levels  can significantly  impact  Hallmark's
profitability  due  to the  relatively high  fixed-cost component  of Hallmark's
overall cost structure. Hence, just  as the implementation of revenue  enhancing
programs  can  significantly  improve profitability,  any  event  that decreases
revenue  can  significantly  erode  Hallmark's  financial  performance.  Despite
operating at low occupancy levels, all but one of Hallmark's hospitals generated
sufficient  revenues to cover their expenses  (before interest and allocation of
corporate  home  office  overhead)  in  fiscal  1994.  Hallmark's  hospital   in
Cleveland,  Tennessee, which had an occupancy rate  of 26.7% in fiscal 1994, did
not generate  sufficient revenues  to cover  its expenses  (before interest  and
allocation  of  corporate  home  office overhead.)  Hallmark  believes  that low
occupancy  levels  are  a  significant  factor  contributing  to  the  Cleveland
facility's results of operations and that a return to profitability will require
continued  efforts to  minimize operating  costs as  well as  increase occupancy
levels at the Cleveland facility.

    Over the past three years, Hallmark  has sought to increase its revenues  by
qualifying  for  additional  Medicaid  reimbursement  and  by  the  addition  of
inpatient and  outpatient programs.  In  fiscal 1992  and 1993,  Hallmark  added
cardiac   catheterization  service  at   two  hospitals,  laparoscopic  surgical
procedures at seven hospitals, endoscopic carpal tunnel surgery at two hospitals
and geriatric psychiatric programs at six of its hospitals. Hallmark also  added
advanced diagnostic imaging procedures to its outpatient services at one or more
of  its  hospitals in  fiscal 1992  and  1993. The  benefits of  such additional
services may not be fully realized, if at all, until future periods.

    At June 30, 1991,  Hallmark's long-term debt  and capital lease  obligations
totalled approximately $104,168,000. At June 30, 1993, Hallmark's long-term debt
and  capital lease obligations totalled  $80,487,000, a reduction of $23,681,000
over the course of two fiscal years. On November 15, 1993, Hallmark completed  a
registered   offering  of  $80,000,000  principal   amount  of  10  5/8%  Senior
Subordinated  Notes  due  2003.  The   net  proceeds  from  the  offering   were
approximately  $77,600,000, of which approximately $62,100,000 was used to repay
Hallmark's then outstanding senior subordinated indebtedness and $10,700,000  to
redeem all of Hallmark's outstanding senior subordinated indebtedness (such bank
debt and senior subordinated indebtedness are referred to herein collectively as
the  "Refinanced Debt").  If the  Merger is  not consummated,  the remaining net
proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes and to fund certain capital
expenditures. At  June 30,  1994, Hallmark's  long-term debt  and capital  lease
obligations totalled $87,821,000.

                                       18
<PAGE>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    The  following  table  summarizes,  for the  periods  indicated,  changes in
selected operating  indicators.  During  the periods  indicated,  Hallmark  sold
several  hospitals, which  may have contributed  to the  percentage changes from
period to period. The discussion that follows should be read in conjunction with
Hallmark's Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                              ------------------------------------------
                                                                                           PERCENTAGE
                                                                                            INCREASE
                                                                PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL      (DECREASE) IN $
                                                                      REVENUES           FROM PRIOR YEAR
                                                              ------------------------   ---------------
                                                               1992     1993     1994     1993     1994
                                                              ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Total revenues..............................................  100.0%   100.0%   100.0%     5.4%     6.8%
Operating costs:
  Salaries and benefits.....................................   42.9     42.2     43.6      3.7     10.3
  Supplies and other operating expenses.....................   38.5     40.7     37.4     11.5     (1.8)
  Provision for bad debts...................................    6.9      6.0      6.6     (8.3)    17.8
                                                              ------   ------   ------
      Total operating costs.................................   88.3     88.9     87.6      6.1      5.3
                                                              ------   ------   ------
  Operating margin..........................................   11.7     11.1     12.4     --       18.9
                                                              ------   ------   ------
Capital costs:
  Interest..................................................    3.1      2.2      3.9    (27.4)    93.8
  Depreciation and amortization.............................    5.6      5.0      5.0     (4.2)     4.5
                                                              ------   ------   ------
      Total capital costs...................................    8.7      7.2      8.9    (12.6)    31.3
                                                              ------   ------   ------
  Credit from restructuring transactions and sale of
   hospital.................................................    1.3      0.4     --      (64.7)   (100.0)
  Income before income taxes and extraordinary items........    4.3      4.3      3.5      6.7    (13.2)
  Provision for income taxes................................    1.9      1.8      1.5      1.3    (14.4)
                                                              ------   ------   ------
  Income before extraordinary items.........................    2.4%     2.5%     2.0%    11.1%   (12.3)%
                                                              ------   ------   ------
                                                              ------   ------   ------
</TABLE>

    The following table  sets forth  certain operating  data for  Hallmark on  a
same-hospital basis, for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                   -------------------------------------
                                                                     1992(1)      1993(1)      1994(1)
                                                                   -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                                          (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Hospitals at year end (2)........................................           16           17           17
Licensed beds at year end........................................        1,428        1,405        1,405
Average beds in service..........................................        1,229        1,217        1,205
Net patient services revenues:
  Inpatient......................................................  $   100,218  $   114,987  $   125,391
  Outpatient.....................................................       44,308       48,968       48,858
  Other..........................................................        5,947        7,434        8,539
                                                                   -----------  -----------  -----------
      Total net patient services revenues........................  $   150,473  $   171,389  $   182,788
                                                                   -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                                   -----------  -----------  -----------
EBITDA...........................................................  $    21,015  $    19,992  $    23,658
Patient days.....................................................      141,690      156,616      164,643
Occupancy rate (3)...............................................         31.6%        35.3%        37.4%
Equivalent patient days (4)......................................      204,188      225,356      235,698
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  Same  hospital results  exclude operating  data for  two hospitals  sold in
     1993.
(2)  The number of hospitals increased because of the separate licensing as  two
     hospitals of a facility formerly operated as one hospital.
(3)  Based on average beds in service.
(4)  Represents inpatient days adjusted to reflect outpatient utilization.
</TABLE>

                                       19
<PAGE>
    FISCAL 1994 COMPARED TO FISCAL 1993

    Net  patient service revenues, which are total patient service revenues less
the provision for contractual and other allowances, increased from  $172,521,000
for  the year ended June  30, 1993, to $182,788,000 for  the year ended June 30,
1994, an increase of $10,267,000, or 6.0%,  primarily due to a 5.1% increase  in
admissions  from  27,502 to  28,911 and  a  5.1% increase  in patient  days from
156,689 to  164,643.  The  increased  admissions  resulted  primarily  from  the
addition of new or expanded services in 1993 including geriatric psychiatric and
specialty  Medicaid services. Net patient revenues  for the years ended June 30,
1993 and  1994  included credits  of  approximately $2,079,000  and  $2,308,000,
respectively,  from  reductions  in  the  provision  for  contractual allowances
primarily as a result of favorable  settlements of prior year cost reports  with
program  intermediaries. Other revenues increased from $6,716,000 in fiscal 1993
to $8,756,000  in fiscal  1994,  an increase  of 30.4%,  representing  primarily
increased  revenues  from  one of  Hallmark's  majority-owned  subsidiaries that
operates pain centers in hospitals owned by others.

    Salaries and  benefits increased  $7,826,000, or  10.3%, in  fiscal 1994  as
compared to fiscal 1993. Approximately 60% of the increase is due to an increase
in  wage rates  and benefits. Approximately  20% of  the increase is  due to the
replacement of contract  services with  full-time and  part-time employees.  The
remaining increase is due to volume increases at Hallmark's hospitals and at its
subsidiary which operates pain treatment centers.

    Interest  expense increased $3,631,000  in the year ended  June 30, 1994, to
$7,502,000. The increase was primarily due to Hallmark's refinancing of its bank
debt and subordinated debt in November 1993. Prior to the refinancing,  interest
expense on Hallmark's debt was significantly reduced by amortization of deferred
debt  restructuring credits. As  a result of the  refinancing, the deferred debt
restructuring credits  were eliminated  and  from the  date of  the  refinancing
forward,  interest expense was fully recognized  at the effective interest rates
of Hallmark's debt.  Interest expense  was reduced by  amortization of  deferred
debt  restructuring credits of $2,072,000 in the year ended June 30, 1994 and by
$6,034,000 for  the  year  ended  June 30,  1993.  Interest  expense,  excluding
amortization  of deferred debt restructuring credits, was $9,574,000 in the year
ended June 30, 1994 compared with $9,905,000 in 1993.

    The following  supplemental  information  represents pro  forma  results  of
operations  assuming  the refinancing  that occurred  in  the second  quarter of
fiscal 1994 had occurred on July 1, 1992.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                                ------------------------
                                                                                   1993         1994
                                                                                -----------  -----------
                                                                                     (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                                             <C>          <C>
Total revenues................................................................  $   179,237  $   191,544
                                                                                -----------  -----------
Operating expenses............................................................      159,338      167,886
Interest expense..............................................................       10,295        9,986
Depreciation expense..........................................................        9,027        9,428
                                                                                -----------  -----------
  Total expenses..............................................................      178,660      187,300
                                                                                -----------  -----------
Income from operations........................................................  $       577  $     4,244
                                                                                -----------  -----------
                                                                                -----------  -----------
Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of accounting
 change.......................................................................  $       724  $     2,459
                                                                                -----------  -----------
                                                                                -----------  -----------
Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding..............        3,450        3,681
                                                                                -----------  -----------
                                                                                -----------  -----------
Earnings per share before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
 accounting change............................................................  $      0.21  $      0.67
                                                                                -----------  -----------
                                                                                -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

    Provision for bad debts increased from  $10,796,000 for the year ended  June
30,  1993  to $12,713,000  for  the year  ended June  30,  1994, an  increase of
$1,917,000, or 17.8%. The increase in the provision for bad debts was  primarily
due  to increased total revenues and  increased reserves compared to prior years
in self-pay accounts as a result of  the volume and aging of self-pay  accounts.

                                       20
<PAGE>
Management maintains collection practices that recognize the aging and source of
payment   of  patient  accounts.  Management  believes  that  increased  volume,
especially as  it relates  to  self-pay accounts,  and slower  payment  patterns
generally lead to higher bad debt provisions.

    Other  operating expenses decreased $2,247,000, or  4.5%, for the year ended
June 30, 1994 to $47,684,000. The decrease was primarily the result of decreased
use of contract services in Hallmark's hospitals partially offset by an increase
in volume at Hallmark's hospitals. Other operating expenses for the years  ended
June  30,  1994  and 1993  were  net  of reductions  of  Hallmark's  general and
professional liability  reserves  of $1,323,000  and  $1,266,000,  respectively,
based  on  updated estimates  of  Hallmark's expected  general  and professional
liability losses.

    Hallmark reported net income of $24,491,000, or $6.65 per share, for  fiscal
1994, compared to net income of $10,381,000, or $3.01 per share, in fiscal 1993.
Net  income for the year  ended June 30, 1994 included  a credit of $805,000, or
$0.22 per share, related  to the cumulative effect  of adoption of Statement  of
Financial  Accounting Standards ("SFAS")  No. 109 "Accounting  for Income Taxes"
and an extraordinary gain  on restructure of debt  of $19,784,000, or $5.37  per
share  (net of  income tax  effect of  $2,170,000). Net  income for  fiscal 1993
included extraordinary  gains of  approximately $2,017,000  (net of  income  tax
effect  of  $1,344,000),  or $0.59  per  share,  from the  restructure  or other
retirement of $3,463,000 principal amount of the 14 1/2% Subordinated Debentures
and $3,914,000, or $1.13  per share, resulting from  the utilization of tax  net
operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards.

    FISCAL 1993 COMPARED TO FISCAL 1992

    Net  patient service revenues, which are total patient service revenues less
the provision for contractual and other allowances, increased from  $164,605,000
in  fiscal 1992 to  $172,521,000 in fiscal  1993, an increase  of $7,916,000, or
4.8%. This  increase  was primarily  due  to the  addition  of new  or  expanded
services,  an  increase  in  outpatient  revenue  and  price  and  reimbursement
increases at Hallmark's operating hospitals. The increase was offset in part  by
the  sale  of  two facilities  in  fiscal  1993. Other  revenues  increased from
$5,400,000 in fiscal 1992  to $6,716,000 in fiscal  1993, an increase of  24.4%,
representing  primarily increased revenues from one of Hallmark's majority-owned
subsidiaries that operates pain centers in hospitals owned by others. Hallmark's
total revenues were $179,237,000  for the year ended  June 30, 1993 compared  to
$170,005,000  in fiscal 1992, or an increase  of 5.4%. On a same-hospital basis,
net patient service revenues increased  $20,916,000, or 13.9% over fiscal  1992.
This increase was due primarily to the addition of 95 geriatric psychiatric beds
in  fiscal 1992 and 1993, which  accounted for approximately $11,500,000 of this
increase, and a $4,700,000  increase in outpatient  revenues. The increase  also
included  $5,900,000 of disproportionate share  payments, which represented 3.4%
of fiscal 1993 net patient service revenues on a same-hospital basis.

    Salaries and benefits expense for fiscal 1993 increased $2,684,000, or 3.7%,
over fiscal 1992, primarily as a result of increased volume and wage  increases.
Excluding  the effect of the  two facilities sold during  the year, salaries and
benefits increased $8,627,000, or 13.0%, over fiscal 1992, due primarily to  the
introduction of new services at certain of Hallmark's hospitals and general wage
increases. However, salaries and benefits as a percentage of total revenues on a
same-hospital basis declined slightly in 1993.

    Other  operating expenses increased $7,383,000  during fiscal 1993, or 17.4%
over fiscal 1992, offset in  part by the sale  of two facilities. Excluding  the
effect  of the sold facilities,  other operating expenses increased $12,189,000,
or 32.7%.  This increase  was primarily  due to  higher utilization  of  outside
contract  services and increased  fees paid to  outside medical specialists. The
higher utilization of outside contract services and fees paid to outside medical
specialists was  primarily the  result of  an increase  in services  offered  at
Hallmark's hospitals and efforts to attract physicians.

    Interest  expense  decreased $1,463,000  in fiscal  1993 from  $5,334,000 in
fiscal 1992. Such decrease was primarily due to a reduction of bank indebtedness
during fiscal  1993 and  Hallmark's  restructuring or  other retirement  of  the
14  1/2%  Debentures.  Interest  expense was  also  reduced  by  amortization of
deferred debt restructuring credits of $6,034,000 in fiscal 1993 and  $6,164,000
in fiscal 1992.

                                       21
<PAGE>
    Provision  for bad  debts as a  percentage of total  revenues decreased from
6.9% in fiscal 1992 to 6.0% for  fiscal 1993 primarily as a result of  decreased
days  revenue in accounts  receivable and an  increase in the  percentage of net
patient service revenues attributable to Medicare and Medicaid patients.

    Depreciation and amortization decreased by $401,000 for fiscal 1993 compared
to fiscal 1992 primarily due to the sale of two facilities in fiscal 1993.

    Hallmark reported net income of $10,381,000, or $3.01 per share, for  fiscal
1993,  compared to net income of $6,769,000, or $2.02 per share, in fiscal 1992.
Net income  for  fiscal  1993  included  extraordinary  gains  of  approximately
$2,017,000  (net of income tax  effect of $1,344,000), or  $0.59 per share, from
the restructure  or  other retirement  of  $3,463,000 principal  amount  of  the
14  1/2%  Debentures and  $3,914,000,  or $1.13  per  share, resulting  from the
utilization of  NOL  carryforwards.  Net  income for  fiscal  1992  included  an
extraordinary  credit  of  $2,682,000, or  $.80  per share,  resulting  from the
utilization of the  NOL carryforwards.  Pretax net  income before  extraordinary
items  for fiscal  1993 was $7,753,000.  Pretax net  income before extraordinary
items for  fiscal  1992 was  $7,266,000,  including a  credit  of  approximately
$2,133,000  related to  certain reimbursement items  provided in  fiscal 1989 in
restructuring reserves.

TAX MATTERS
    At  June  30,  1994,  Hallmark   had  NOL  carryforwards  of   approximately
$24,000,000,  which expire in fiscal  years 2002 through 2006.  If the Merger is
not consummated,  such  NOL carryforwards  may  be available  to  offset  future
taxable income of Hallmark, if any.

    The  Merger will  result in an  "ownership change" with  respect to Hallmark
under Section  382 of  the  Code. As  a result,  after  the Merger,  income  tax
deductions  for Hallmark's NOL carryforwards existing  at the time of the Merger
will be subject to  an annual limitation  equal to the  pre-Merger value of  the
Hallmark  Common Stock and Hallmark Preferred Stock multiplied by the "long-term
tax-exempt rate" in effect  for the month in  which the ownership change  occurs
(6.01%  for  ownership changes  occurring in  June  1994), increased  by certain
"recognized built-in  gains" that  are recognized  within five  years after  the
Merger.

    During  1991,  Hallmark issued  390,298 shares  of Class  B common  stock in
exchange for $18,620,000 of previously outstanding bank debt. Hallmark believes,
based on consultation with outside tax and valuation advisors, that the exchange
qualified under the stock-for-debt exception  to the recognition of income  from
discharge  of indebtedness which  is available to  insolvent corporations. There
can be  no  assurance, however,  that  the  Internal Revenue  Service  will  not
challenge  Hallmark's position.  If any such  challenge by  the Internal Revenue
Service was sustained, Hallmark's current NOL carryforwards could be reduced  by
as much as $16,000,000.

    During  the fiscal year  1994, Hallmark adopted  SFAS No. 109.  SFAS No. 109
requires a  change in  accounting for  income taxes  to an  asset and  liability
approach under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on
the  difference between  the financial  accounting and  tax accounting  basis of
assets and liabilities. Deferred  tax assets or liabilities  at the end of  each
period  are determined using the currently enacted tax rate expected to apply to
taxable income in the periods  in which the deferred  tax asset or liability  is
expected  to be realized. Hallmark recorded a  credit of $805,000 to reflect the
cumulative effect of adopting such standard.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES.  At present,  Hallmark satisfies all of its  working
capital  and capital expenditure requirements  from cash provided by operations.
Payments received  by  Hallmark from  the  Medicare and  Medicaid  programs  are
Hallmark's  single largest source  of cash from  operations. During fiscal 1994,
net revenue  derived  from  the  Medicare and  Medicaid  programs  increased  by
approximately  $8,198,000 or  7.9% from the  amount derived in  fiscal 1993, due
primarily to the introduction  of geriatric psychiatric  services at certain  of
Hallmark's hospitals in prior years.

    During  the year ended June 30,  1994, cash provided by operations increased
$4,465,000, compared  to  the same  period  a  year earlier,  primarily  due  to
increased operating income (excluding

                                       22
<PAGE>
interest  and depreciation) and  decreased interest paid during  the period as a
result of  the semi-annual  interest payment  terms of  the Senior  Subordinated
Notes, offset in part by a reduction of accounts payable.

    INVESTMENT  ACTIVITIES.  Hallmark  expended approximately $4,586,000, during
fiscal 1994 on capital expenditures. This represented a decrease of  $1,789,000,
or  28.1%, from fiscal  1993. Capital expenditures  during fiscal 1994 consisted
primarily of completion  of an  outpatient surgery  center at  one facility  and
equipment  purchases at various facilities. Hallmark anticipates that internally
generated cash  flows and  the remaining  unused proceeds  from the  $80,000,000
senior   subordinated  note  offering   will  be  sufficient   to  fund  capital
expenditures and working capital requirements through fiscal 1995.

    FINANCING ACTIVITIES.  In fiscal 1994, Hallmark completed the  restructuring
of  the Refinanced  Debt upon  the issuance of  the 10  5/8% Senior Subordinated
Notes. Hallmark  believes  that  it  increased  its  operational  and  financial
flexibility  by refinancing the Refinanced Debt  with the proceeds from the sale
of the 10 5/8% Senior  Subordinated Notes. Hallmark's debt service  requirements
during  fiscal 1994 were  reduced from $13,163,000  to $10,803,000. Furthermore,
the  covenants  contained  in  the  indenture  pursuant  to  which  the   Senior
Subordinated  Notes were  issued are less  restrictive than  those previously in
effect pursuant to the Refinanced Debt.

    During the  quarter ended  March 31,  1994, Hallmark  obtained a  letter  of
credit  with a commercial bank to secure  Hallmark's obligation under one of its
capital leases. The lease  had previously been secured  by a collateral  account
consisting  of approximately $4,100,000  in cash and  marketable securities. The
collateral account had previously been classified as "Funds held by trustees" in
the consolidated  balance  sheets.  Upon  obtaining this  letter  of  credit  by
Hallmark,  the collateral  account was  released as  security for  the lease and
approximately $4,100,000 in cash and marketable securities became available  for
general  corporate  purposes. In  addition to  this  letter of  credit, Hallmark
obtained three  letters  of credit  totalling  $2,883,000 in  order  to  satisfy
certain  security  requirements  of Hallmark's  workers'  compensation insurance
carrier. All letters of credit are secured by a security interest in  Hallmark's
self-insurance trust funds in favor of the issuing bank.

    During  the quarter ended December 31,  1993, Hallmark entered into a credit
agreement with a financial institution pursuant to which Hallmark may borrow  up
to  $15,000,000 under a working capital facility  and up to $10,000,000 under an
acquisition facility. Certain  conditions must  be satisfied  prior to  Hallmark
borrowing under the credit agreement, some of which had not been satisfied as of
June  30,  1994.  Hallmark  anticipates  that  it  will  satisfy  the  remaining
conditions to funding under its new credit agreement.

    INFLATION.   The healthcare  industry is  labor intensive.  Wages and  other
expenses are subject to rapid escalation, especially during periods of inflation
and  when shortages occur in the  marketplace. In addition, suppliers attempt to
pass along  increases in  their costs  by charging  Hallmark higher  prices.  In
general,  Hallmark's  revenue increases  through price  increases or  changes in
reimbursement levels have not kept up with the cost increases. In light of  cost
containment measures imposed by government agencies, private insurance companies
and  managed-care plans, Hallmark is unable to  predict its ability to offset or
control future cost increases.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

    Information with  respect  to  this  item  is  contained  in  the  Company's
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules indicated in
the  index on Page F-1  of this Annual Report on  Form 10-K, and is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    None.

                                       23
<PAGE>
ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

    The  following table sets forth  certain information regarding the directors
and executive officers of the Company:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             NAME                AGE                         POSITION
- - ------------------------------  -----   --------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>     <C>
James T. McAfee, Jr.               55   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Robert M. Thornton, Jr.            45   President, Chief Operating Officer,
                                        Chief Financial Officer and Director
James E. Martin                    62   Director
Rolland A. Maxwell                 75   Director
J. Randolph Seckman                66   Director
Kay W. Slayden                     59   Director
</TABLE>

    James T. McAfee,  Jr. was  elected a Director  in September  1987, has  been
Chief  Executive  Officer of  the  Company since  September  1987, and  has been
Chairman of  the Board  since October  1987. From  1980 to  September 1987,  Mr.
McAfee  served  as  Executive  Vice President,  Hospital  Operations,  and  as a
Director of Charter  Medical Corporation. Prior  to 1980, Mr.  McAfee served  as
Senior Vice President of Hospital Affiliates International.

    Robert  M. Thornton, Jr. was elected  Director in October 1987. Mr. Thornton
has been President, Chief Operating Officer  and Chief Financial Officer of  the
Company since November 1993. From January 1987 until November 1993, Mr. Thornton
was  Executive Vice President, Chief  Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
of the  Company and  from November  1986 until  January 1987,  Mr. Thornton  was
Senior  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  of the Company. From 1981 to
November 1986,  Mr. Thornton  served as  Controller and  held various  corporate
finance  and  accounting positions  with Charter  Medical Corporation.  Prior to
1981, Mr. Thornton was a manager with the accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand.

    James E.  Martin was  elected a  Director in  October 1991.  Dr. Martin  was
President  of  Auburn  University  from 1984  through  1992.  Prior  to becoming
President of Auburn University, Dr. Martin served as President of the University
of Arkansas from 1980 to 1984. Dr. Martin  also served as a member of the  Board
of  Directors of Charter  Medical Corporation from  1981 to 1988.  Dr. Martin is
currently a consultant to universities and agribusinesses.

    Rolland A. Maxwell  was elected  a Director in  March 1989.  Mr. Maxwell  is
Chairman  of the  Board of Directors  of John McDaniel  Wholesale Supplies, Inc.
located in  Atlanta, Georgia.  Mr.  Maxwell previously  served as  President  of
Davison's  Department Stores  (now Macy's  Southern division).  Mr. Maxwell also
previously served as  a member of  the Board  of Directors of  Scotty's Inc.,  a
building  materials supplier in Winter Haven, Florida from 1974 to 1989, of J.M.
Tull Industries, a metal  fabrication company in Atlanta,  Georgia from 1966  to
1983,  of Charter Medical  Corporation from 1970  to 1983 and  of The Citizens &
Southern National Bank in Atlanta, Georgia from 1968 to 1975.

    J. Randolph Seckman was elected a Director in October 1991. Since 1974,  Mr.
Seckman  has been President  of Randy Seckman and  Associates, Inc., a financial
planning and advisory  firm located  in Atlanta, Georgia  providing services  to
physicians and executives. Prior to founding Randy Seckman and Associates, Inc.,
Mr.  Seckman served as Vice President  of the investment department of Financial
Services Corporation, a broker-dealer and registered investment advisor  located
in Atlanta, Georgia.

    Kay  W. Slayden was  elected a Director  in March 1989.  Mr. Slayden is Vice
Chairman of Jackson & Coker, a physician recruiting company in Atlanta, Georgia.
From 1986 to  1990, Mr.  Slayden was President  and Chief  Operating Officer  of
Norrell  Health  Care  and  a  member  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of Norrell
Corporation. From 1982 to  1985, Mr. Slayden was  President and Chief  Executive
Officer  of PGA Tour Properties,  Inc., and from 1978  to 1980 he was President,
Chief Operating  Officer  and  a member  of  the  Board of  Directors  of  Fuqua
Industries.  From 1980 to 1988,  Mr. Slayden served as a  member of the Board of
Directors of Charter Medical Corporation.

                                       24
<PAGE>
    The terms of all Directors will expire upon the effectiveness of the Merger.
If the merger is not consummated, Director terms will expire as follows: Messrs.
Maxwell and Thornton --  1994, Messrs. McAfee and  Slayden -- 1995, and  Messrs.
Martin and Seckman -- 1996.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    The  following table sets forth information concerning the compensation paid
to James T. McAfee, Jr., the Chief  Executive Officer of the Company and  Robert
M. Thornton, Jr., the Company's only other executive officer:

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       LONG-TERM
                                                                                      COMPENSATION
                                                               ANNUAL COMPENSATION   --------------    ALL OTHER
                                                               --------------------       LTIP        COMPENSATION
NAME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION                           YEAR     SALARY($)  BONUS($)   PAYOUTS($)(1)       ($)(2)
- - --------------------------------------------------  ---------  ---------  ---------  --------------  --------------
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>
James T. McAfee, Jr...............................    1992       405,000    227,813       445,085          --
 Chief Executive Officer and                          1993       450,000    392,175       153,830          13,102
 Chairman of the Board                                1994       500,000    468,752        --              13,406

Robert M. Thornton, Jr............................    1992       216,000     81,000       245,564          --
 President, Chief Operating                           1993       237,000    137,697        84,872           1,300
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer                  1994       297,970    210,320        --               1,643
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  Represents payments under the Company's 1990 Milestone Bonus Plan, pursuant
     to  which Messrs. McAfee and  Thornton were eligible for  a cash bonus upon
     the  Company's   achievement  of   certain   elements  of   its   financial
     restructuring.  The conditions to payment of such bonuses were satisfied in
     fiscal 1991, and the bonuses were paid in fiscal 1992 and 1993.

(2)  Represents term-life insurance premiums paid by the Company.
</TABLE>

OPTION GRANTS DURING FISCAL 1994

    The following table shows all grants of stock options made to Messrs. McAfee
and Thornton during the last fiscal year:

                              OPTION GRANTS TABLE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                INDIVIDUAL GRANTS
                                   -------------------------------------------         POTENTIAL REALIZABLE VALUE
                                    NUMBER OF                                           AT ASSUMED ANNUAL RATES
                                   SECURITIES     % OF TOTAL                          OF STOCK PRICE APPRECIATION
                                   UNDERLYING       OPTIONS                                 FOR OPTION TERM
                                     OPTIONS      GRANTED TO      EXERCISE OR   ----------------------------------------
                                     GRANTED     EMPLOYEES IN     BASE PRICE        EXPIRATION
NAME                                 (#)(1)       FISCAL YEAR      ($/SHARE)           DATE           5%($)     10%($)
- - ---------------------------------  -----------  ---------------  -------------  ------------------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                <C>          <C>              <C>            <C>                 <C>        <C>
James T. McAfee, Jr..............      22,606          17.5%           13.00     November 23, 2003    478,795    762,274
Robert M. Thornton, Jr...........      13,564          10.5%           13.00     November 23, 2003    287,286    457,378
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  The options granted above vest  and are exercisable at  the rate of 25%  of
     the  shares covered  by the  option on each  of the  first four anniversary
     dates of the grant of the option (November 23, 1993).
</TABLE>

                                       25
<PAGE>
OPTION EXERCISES DURING, AND VALUE OF OPTIONS AT THE END OF, FISCAL 1994

    Neither Mr.  McAfee nor  Mr.  Thornton exercised  any stock  options  during
fiscal  1994. The following  table sets forth  certain information regarding the
number and value  of the unexercised  stock options held  by Messrs. McAfee  and
Thornton at June 30, 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         VALUE OF UNEXERCISED
                                                       NUMBER OF SHARES UNDERLYING       IN-THE-MONEY OPTIONS
                                                           UNEXERCISED OPTIONS           AT JUNE 30, 1994(1)
                                                             AT JUNE 30, 1994        ----------------------------
                                                       ----------------------------   VALUE OF       VALUE OF
                                                         NUMBER         NUMBER       EXERCISABLE  NON-EXERCISABLE
NAME                                                   EXERCISABLE  NON-EXERCISABLE  OPTIONS($)     OPTIONS($)
- - -----------------------------------------------------  -----------  ---------------  -----------  ---------------
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>              <C>          <C>
James T. McAfee, Jr..................................      84,296         22,606       1,542,617        135,636
Robert M. Thornton, Jr...............................      16,878         13,564         308,867         81,384
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  The value for the in-the-money options was calculated based on the positive
     spread  between the  exercise price of  such options and  the last reported
     sale price of the Company's  Class A Common Stock  on June 30, 1994,  which
     was $19.
</TABLE>

LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS DURING FISCAL 1994

    The  following  table  shows all  long-term  incentive plan  awards  made to
Messrs. McAfee and Thornton during the last fiscal year:

            LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLANS -- AWARDS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              ESTIMATED FUTURE
                                                                                                  PAYOUTS
                                                                              PERFORMANCE     UNDER NON-STOCK
                                                                 NUMBER OF      OR OTHER     PRICED-BASED PLANS
                                                                  SHARES,     PERIOD UNTIL         (3)(4)
                                                                  UNITS OR     MATURATION   --------------------
                                                                OTHER RIGHTS   OR PAYOUT    THRESHOLD   MAXIMUM
NAME                                                               (#)(1)         (2)          ($)        ($)
- - --------------------------------------------------------------  ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                             <C>           <C>           <C>        <C>
James T. McAfee, Jr...........................................       --           3 Years     250,000    500,000
Robert M. Thornton, Jr........................................       --           3 Years     116,490    232,980
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  Participants are  not  awarded  a  number  of  units.  Rather,  awards  are
     expressed as a percentage of base salary.

(2)  The  performance period until payout of the  award began to run on the date
     that the long-term incentive plan award  was granted. In fiscal year  1994,
     the  named executive officers received their  award on July 1, 1993 subject
     to stockholder approval, which was obtained on November 23, 1993.

(3)  Awards under  the  plan are  based  upon  two factors,  including  (i)  the
     achievement  of  a target  debt to  total capitalization  ratio and  (ii) a
     target return on assets, both as approved by the Compensation Committee and
     as defined in the plan.

(4)  In the discretion of the  Compensation Committee, payment of vested  awards
     shall  be  in shares  of  the Company's  Class A  Common  Stock, cash  or a
     combination of cash and shares of  Class A Common Stock, provided that,  if
     any  portion of a payment  is in cash, cash  shall constitute not less than
     35% of such payment.
</TABLE>

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS

    The Company entered into employment agreements with Messrs. James T. McAfee,
Jr. and Robert  M. Thornton, Jr.,  in 1989, which  were subsequently amended  in
1994 and expire on September 30, 1996 (the "Employment Agreements"). Pursuant to
the  terms of  the Employment Agreements,  the employment of  Messrs. McAfee and
Thornton are terminable by  either party to  the agreement, in  the case of  Mr.
McAfee,  upon six months' prior written notice and, in the case of Mr. Thornton,
upon ninety days' prior  written notice, provided that  such notice is given  in
the

                                       26
<PAGE>
designated  notice period. Unless  notice is given, the  terms of the Employment
Agreements automatically extend at the end of their term for an additional  term
of  one  year.  The Employment  Agreements  also  provide that  the  Company may
terminate the Employment Agreements for "just and substantial cause," as defined
therein, but only after the Company provides the executive officer with  written
notice  specifying the cause of such action and grants the executive officer the
opportunity to appear before the Board of Directors.

    Under the terms of  the Employment Agreements,  Messrs. McAfee and  Thornton
are  entitled to receive base  salaries of not less  than $500,000 and $320,000,
respectively. The Employment Agreements also provide Messrs. McAfee and Thornton
with health, accident  and dental insurance  for the executive  officer and  his
dependents;  long-term disability  insurance; term  life insurance  in an amount
equal to four times his base annual salary up to $1,500,000 in coverage for  Mr.
McAfee  and three times base annual salary  up to $1,000,000 in coverage for Mr.
Thornton; an annual executive allowance fund of $20,000 and $15,000 for  Messrs.
McAfee and Thornton, respectively; and an annual automobile allowance of $20,000
and  $15,000  for such  officers, respectively.  The Employment  Agreements also
provide for the payment of reasonable initiation fees for business and/or social
organizations up  to  $35,000  and  $25,000 for  Messrs.  McAfee  and  Thornton,
respectively.

    Under the terms of the Employment Agreements, the Company will indemnify the
executive  officers from  all liability and  costs incurred as  a consequence of
claims resulting from or growing out of such person's status as, or as a  result
of  their having  been, a  Director and/or  officer of  the Company.  The terms,
provisions and conditions of  the indemnity are the  same as those provided  for
under  the current  Certificate of Incorporation  and Bylaws of  the Company and
cannot be changed without the consent of the executive officer affected  thereby
regardless  of any  future amendments  to such  Certificate of  Incorporation or
Bylaws. The Company's agreement to indemnify the executive officer will  survive
the  termination  of the  employment contract,  regardless of  the cause  of the
termination. The Employment  Agreements also  provide for  the reimbursement  of
reasonable  legal fees and  disbursements incurred by  the executive officers in
connection with enforcement of the Employment Agreements, provided the executive
officer prevails in such enforcement proceeding.

    In addition to the  termination provisions outlined  above, the Company  may
terminate  the Employment  Agreements with Messrs.  McAfee and  Thornton for any
reason upon 90 days' written notice. Mr. McAfee also has the right to  terminate
the  Employment Agreement upon 90 days' written notice if the Board of Directors
fails to reappoint him as  Chief Executive Officer or  Chairman of the Board  of
the  Company, or  materially changes his  duties and  responsibilities under the
Employment Agreement. In each case, the Company will provide a severance package
to  each  executive  officer,  and  to  Mr.  McAfee  if  he  resigns  under  the
circumstances  described  in  the  preceding  sentence,  consisting  of  monthly
severance pay for a period  of three years, in the  case of Mr. McAfee, and  two
years,  in the case of  Mr. Thornton, each payment  equal to the highest monthly
rate of  base  salary paid  to  the executive  officer  at any  time  under  the
Employment  Agreement; all unpaid bonuses which  have vested, together with that
pro rated portion of  any bonus for the  current fiscal year; restricted  shares
and  stock options which have vested;  and other benefits payable thereunder. In
the event the executive officer  terminates the Employment Agreement during  the
designated  notice period, he  shall be entitled to  receive all vested bonuses,
stock options and restricted stock.

    Further, the Employment Agreements provide that upon a "Change of  Control,"
as  defined below, that occurs prior to  September 30, 1996, each such executive
officer has the right to terminate his employment under his Employment Agreement
(i) by resignation  on not  less than ninety  days' prior  written notice  given
within  six calendar months  after the occurrence  of such Change  of Control or
(ii) by resignation  on not less  than ninety days'  prior written notice  given
within  eighteen calendar  months after such  Change of Control,  and within six
months after the occurrence of any of the following: (a) failure to appoint  the
officer  to the office  held by him (and,  in the case of  Mr. McAfee failure to
reappoint him as Chairman of the Board),  (b) the making of any material  change
by the

                                       27
<PAGE>
Company  in the respective  officer's function, duties  or responsibilities with
the Company which would cause such officer's position to become of less dignity,
responsibility, importance or scope or (c) any material breach of such officer's
Employment Agreement.

    For the purposes of the Employment Agreements, a "Change of Control" will be
deemed to have occurred if  (a) any "Person" (as  defined in Sections 13(d)  and
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), either alone or in
conjunction  with its "affiliates" (as defined in  Rule 405 of the General Rules
and Regulations under the  Securities Act of 1933),  or other group of  persons,
corporations,  partnerships or other entities who are not affiliates but who are
acting in  concert with  any person,  acquire ownership,  whether of  record  or
beneficially, of that number of shares of outstanding stock of the Company which
would  allow such person  or entity and/or  its affiliates, or  others acting in
concert, to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company. Under the
terms of the  Merger Agreement, the  Merger, if consummated,  would result in  a
Change  of Control under the Employment  Agreements and, as such, Messrs. McAfee
and Thornton would be entitled to all benefits provided by the Change of Control
provisions of their respective Employment Agreements.

    A Change of Control does not include  any acquisition of control (i) by  any
of  the Company's then five most senior  officers (as of the date the Employment
Agreements were  entered into)  whether acting  alone or  in concert  with  each
other,  or (ii)  pursuant to  which such  executive officer  or former executive
officer accepts equity  securities of  the Company or  any entity  with or  into
which  the Company is merged or consolidated, or which controls or is controlled
by the Company or any such entity except for equity securities received by  such
person  (a) in his capacity  as a stockholder and  (b) pursuant to stock options
and other benefits  not materially  in excess  of those  typically available  to
officers of other publicly held for-profit healthcare companies not subject to a
Change of Control.

    Upon  the occurrence of a Change of Control and an election by the executive
officer to  terminate  his employment,  the  Company shall  pay  such  executive
officer  or his designee severance pay equal to the highest monthly rate of base
salary paid  to  such  executive  officer  at  any  time  under  the  Employment
Agreement,  but not more than $34,166.66 per month for a period of four years in
the case of Mr. McAfee or $20,000 per  month for a period of three years in  the
case  of Mr. Thornton or, at the election of such executive officer, the Company
shall fund a trust by cash or annuity in form and substance satisfactory to  the
officer in an amount sufficient to permit the trust to make the monthly payments
over  the prescribed period or  any unpaid portion thereof  or the Company shall
make a  lump sum  cash payment  equal to  the sum  of the  monthly  installments
without  discount to  present value,  provided, however,  such lump  sum payment
shall not exceed $1,640,000 in the case of Mr. McAfee or $720,000 in the case of
Mr. Thornton. Messrs. McAfee and Thornton shall also be entitled to (i)  vesting
of  options to  acquire 22,606  shares and  13,564 shares,  respectively, of the
Company's Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $13.00 per share pursuant
to the 1993 Stock Option  Plan, (ii) a pro rated  bonus of $93,750 and  $48,000,
respectively,  under the Company's annual bonus plan for the period from July 1,
1994 through  September  30, 1994,  (iii)  a pro  rated  bonus of  $125,000  and
$64,000, respectively, under the Company's 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan for the
period  from July 1, 1994  through September 30, 1994,  (iv) bonuses of $500,000
and $232,980 respectively, due under the Company's 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan
for the year ended June  30, 1994 based on  the audited financial statements  of
the  Company without regard  to non-recurring costs  associated with the Merger,
and (v) a payment of $233,570 and $110,760, respectively, in lieu of continuance
in any benefit plans of the Company. Payments of base salary shall be offset  by
any  payments  made  pursuant to  any  other Company-paid  disability  or salary
continuance program. All such payments and  amounts to which Messrs. McAfee  and
Thornton are entitled are subject to the limitation set forth in Section 280G of
the  Code, and  will be reduced  (but not below  zero) until no  portion of such
payments would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code.

    Under the  terms of  the  Change of  Control  provisions of  the  Employment
Agreement,  approximately $2,593,000 and  $1,176,000 will be  payable to Messrs.
McAfee  and  Thornton,  respectively,  including  the  value  of  the  executive
officer's salary, bonus and employment benefits.

                                       28
<PAGE>
DIRECTORS' FEES AND COMPENSATION

    Each  Director  who is  not  an employee  of the  Company,  is paid  for his
services on the Board of  Directors: (i) a retainer at  the rate of $18,000  per
annum;  (ii) an  additional $1,200  for each  Board meeting  attended; and (iii)
$1,200 per committee meeting attended if  not connected with a concurrent  Board
Meeting  or $1,000 per committee meeting attended if connected with a concurrent
Board Meeting. The Company also reimburses all of the Directors' company-related
and company-approved travel and entertainment expenses, including their expenses
in attending meetings of the Board or its Committees. Under the Directors' Stock
Option Plan established in 1991, as amended in 1993, each non-employee  Director
was  granted an option in fiscal 1992 to purchase 10,000 shares of the Company's
Class A Common  Stock and an  option in  fiscal 1994 to  purchase an  additional
6,250 shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock.

    In  addition to the above compensation, non-employee members of the Board of
Directors of the  Company are entitled  to receive stipends  under the  Hallmark
Healthcare  Corporation Emeritus  Director Stipend Plan  (the "Emeritus Director
Plan") upon retirement from the Board  if such persons have served as  directors
at  least 60 months or, in  any event, on termination of  service as a member of
the Board  of Directors  within one  year after  a "Change  of Control"  of  the
Company.  Consummation of the Merger  would cause a Change  of Control under the
terms of the Emeritus Director Plan and  would result in the payment of  certain
benefits  provided  thereby. The  monthly  stipends payable  under  the Emeritus
Director Plan are equal to the highest  monthly base director's fee paid by  the
Company  to  non-employee  directors  during such  former  director's  period of
service as a non-employee director. Such  directors are entitled to one  monthly
payment under the Emeritus Director Plan for each complete month of service as a
member  of the Board of Directors  of the Company. As a  result of the Change of
Control provisions of the Emeritus Director Plan, four directors of the  Company
will  be entitled to receive monthly payments of $1,500 per director for varying
periods. As of  September 30,  1994, aggregate  payments to  the four  directors
under such provisions total $303,000.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

    Since  November 23, 1993,  the Company's executive  compensation program has
been administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.  Such
committee consists of Messrs. Slayden, Martin and Seckman. Prior to November 23,
1993,  the program  was administered  by the  Audit and  Compensation Committee,
consisting of  Messrs.  Slayden, Martin,  Seckman  and Maxwell.  See  "Item  13.
Certain Transactions."

ITEM 12.  STOCK OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT OF HALLMARK

    The  following table sets  forth as of August  26, 1994, certain information
with respect to ownership of the Company's outstanding Class A Common Stock,  by
(i)  all persons known  by the Company to  own beneficially more  than 5% of the
Company's outstanding Class A  Common Stock, (ii) each  director of the  Company
and (iii) all directors and executive officers of the Company, as a group.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              SHARES OF HALLMARK
                                                                                 COMMON STOCK
                                                                              BENEFICIALLY OWNED     PERCENT
NAME OF BENEFICIAL OWNER                                                             (1)            OF CLASS
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------  --------------------  -----------
<S>                                                                          <C>                   <C>
James T. McAfee, Jr. (2)...................................................          381,891             11.6
Robert M. Thornton, Jr. (3)................................................           78,488              2.4
Kay W. Slayden (4)(5)......................................................           14,000                *
Rolland A. Maxwell (5).....................................................            4,000                *
James E. Martin (5)(6).....................................................            5,100                *
J. Randolph Seckman (5)....................................................           11,000                *
All executive officers and directors as a group (6 persons) (7)............          494,479             14.9
<FN>
- - ------------------------
*    Less than 1%
</TABLE>

                                       29
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<S>  <C>
(1)  Unless  otherwise  indicated,  the  named individual  has  sole  voting and
     investment power with respect  to all shares  and the information  pertains
     only  to the Company's Class A Common Stock. For each beneficial owner, the
     number of shares outstanding and the percentage of stock ownership includes
     the number of common  and all common  equivalent shares (including  options
     exercisable within 60 days) owned by such individual at August 26, 1994.
(2)  Includes  84,296 shares which Mr. McAfee  has the right to acquire pursuant
     to options exercisable within 60 days.
(3)  Includes 1,000 shares owned by Mr. Thornton's spouse, of which Mr. Thornton
     disclaims beneficial ownership.
(4)  Includes 10,000 shares  based on  2,000 shares of  the Company's  Preferred
     Stock owned by Mr. Slayden which are convertible at a ratio of one share of
     the  Company's Preferred  Stock into five  shares of the  Company's Class A
     Common Stock at any time.
(5)  Includes 4,000 shares  which the named  director has the  right to  acquire
     pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days.
(6)  Includes 200 shares owned by Dr. Martin's spouse.
(7)  Includes  100,296 shares which the  members of the group  have the right to
     acquire pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days and includes  10,000
     shares  based on 2,000 shares of the Company's Preferred Stock owned by Mr.
     Slayden, which are  convertible at a  ratio of one  share of the  Company's
     Preferred  Stock into five shares of the  Company's Class A Common Stock at
     any time.
</TABLE>

    As of August 26, 1994, all persons known by the Company to own  beneficially
more  than 5% of the  outstanding shares of the  Company's Preferred Stock were:
(i) Alliance Capital Management  Corporation, 1345 Avenue  of the Americas,  New
York,  New York 10105-0099, which is the  owner of 3,424 shares of the Company's
Preferred Stock,  representing  10.7%  of  the voting  power  of  the  Company's
Preferred  Stock; (ii)  Kay W. Slayden,  a director  of the Company,  who is the
owner of 2,000 shares of the Company's Preferred Stock, representing 6.3% of the
voting  power  of  the  Company's  Preferred  Stock  and  (iii)  Executive  Life
Insurance,  11444 W. Olympic Blvd., West Los Angeles, California 90064, which is
the owner of 1,925 shares of the Company's Preferred Stock, representing 6.0% of
the voting power of the Company's Preferred Stock. Each of the above holders  of
the  Company's Preferred Stock  holds less than  one half of  one percent of the
combined voting power of  the Company's Class A  Common Stock and the  Company's
Preferred Stock.

    On  June 10,  1994, the Company  entered into a  definitive merger agreement
with Community Health  Systems, Inc.  ("Community") under  which Community  will
acquire  all of the  outstanding shares of  the Company's Class  A Common Stock,
Class B Common Stock and Preferred  Stock. The agreement calls for Community  to
exchange 0.97 shares of its common stock for each share of the Company's Class A
and  Class B Common Stock and  5.4 shares of its common  stock for each share of
the Company's  Preferred Stock.  Consummation of  the merger  is subject,  among
other  things, to approval by the Company's stockholders at a special meeting to
be held on October 5, 1994. See "Item 1. Business -- Proposed Merger".

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS
    In fiscal 1994, the Company  paid Jackson & Coker,  of which Mr. Slayden  is
Vice  Chairman of the Board of Directors, fees and reimbursed expenses totalling
approximately $227,000 for services rendered  in the recruitment of  physicians,
including approximately $89,000 for the recruitment of six physicians to four of
Hallmark's  hospitals,  approximately $1,000  for the  services of  locum tenens
physicians, which included  compensation to the  physicians and brokerage  fees,
and  approximately $137,000 for  services in connection  with physician searches
for which no recruitment has yet  occurred. The Company believes that Jackson  &
Coker is one of the nation's leading physician search firms. The amounts paid to
Jackson  &  Coker during  fiscal 1994  by  the Company,  which were  computed at
Jackson & Coker's customary rates, were comparable to the rates the Company paid
to other physician search firms for similar services during fiscal 1994.

                                       30
<PAGE>
                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

    (a)(1)  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    Information with respect to this Item is contained on pages F-1 through F-21
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and  is specified in detail in the Index  on
Page F-1.

    (a)(2)  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

    Information  with respect to this Item is contained on Pages S-1 through S-3
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as specified in further detail in the  Index
on page F-1.

    Except  for those  schedules contained on  pages S-1 through  S-3, all other
schedules are  omitted  as  the  required information  is  inapplicable  or  the
information  is presented  in the  consolidated financial  statements or related
notes.

    (a)(3)  EXHIBITS

    The following exhibits  are filed herewith  unless otherwise indicated,  and
exhibits followed by a reference to a note are incorporated by reference:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  EXHIBIT
    NO.                                              DESCRIPTION AND REFERENCE
- - -----------  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>          <S>
       2.1   Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 10, 1994, by and among Community
             Health Systems, Inc., Community Acquisition Corp. and the Registrant (Hallmark agrees to furnish
             supplementally, upon request, a copy of omitted schedules and exhibits.)
       3.1   Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, as amended (9)
       3.2   By-laws of Registrant (10)
       4.1   Form of Indenture, dated as of November 1, 1993, relating to 10 5/8% Senior Subordinated Notes due 2003
             of the Registrant (11)
       4.2   Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 1993, between the Registrant, as Borrower, and General
             Electric Capital Corporation, as Lender (12)
      10.1   Registration Rights Agreement dated as of January 1, 1989 among the Registrant and the lenders with
             respect to Class B Non-Voting Common Stock (2)
      10.2   Amended Employment Agreement -- James T. McAfee, Jr.
      10.3   Second Amendment to Employment Agreement -- James T. McAfee, Jr.
      10.4   Amended Employment Agreement -- Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
      10.5   Second Amendment to Employment Agreement -- Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
      10.6   Mutual Release, dated as of May , 1993, among the Registrant, Stephen L. Phelps, Joseph D. Bohr, Jr. and
             John F. Schwartz (7)
      10.7   Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, effective July 1, 1993, among First State Insurance Company, the
             Registrant, Steven L. Phelps, Joseph D. Bohr, Jr., John S. Schwartz, NationsBank of Georgia, N.A., Bank
             One Texas, N.A., Third National Bank in Nashville, The Bank of New York, and Citicorp North America, Inc.
             (7)
      10.8   Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan -- 1989 (3)
      10.9   Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan -- 1990 (3)
      10.9a  Amendment No. 1 to Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan -- 1990 (8)
      10.10  Long-Term Stock Incentive Performance Plan -- 1991 (5)
</TABLE>

                                       31
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
  EXHIBIT
    NO.                                              DESCRIPTION AND REFERENCE
- - -----------  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<C>          <S>
      10.11  Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 25, 1992, between Healthcare of Forsyth, Inc. and
             Executive Committee of the Baptist Convention of the State of Georgia d/b/a Georgia Baptist Health Care
             System (6)
      10.12  Management Agreement, dated as of January 31, 1990, between Poplar Bluff Physicians Group, Inc. and
             Registrant (4)
      10.13  Lease Agreement, dated as of September 1, 1979, between Randolph County, Arkansas and Randolph County
             Medical Center, Inc. (7)
      10.14  Lease Agreement, dated as of April 1, 1988, between Richard B. Griffin and Berrien Nursing Center Inc.
             (7)
      10.15  Lease Agreement, dated as of August 23, 1984, between Holmes County Hospital Corporation and National
             Healthcare of Holmes County, Inc. (1)
      10.16  Amendment to 1991 Directors' Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (11)
      10.17  1994 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (8)
      10.18  1993 Stock Option Plan (8)
      10.19  1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan (8)
      11.1   Statement re: Computation of Earnings Per Share
      21.1   List of Subsidiaries
      24.1   Consent of Arthur Andersen LLP
<FN>
- - ------------------------
 (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant's Form S-1 Registration Statement No.
     2-99387,  filed  August  2,  1985,  as amended  by  Amendment  No.  1 filed
     September 16, 1985, Amendment No. 2  filed November 1, 1985, and  Amendment
     No. 3 filed November 5, 1985.
 (2) Filed  as an exhibit to the Registrant's  Form 10-K for the year ended June
     30, 1989, filed September 28, 1989.
 (3) Filed as an  exhibit to the  Registrant's Form 10-Q  for the quarter  ended
     March 31, 1990, filed May 11, 1990.
 (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant's Form 8-K filed September 27, 1989.
 (5) Filed  as an exhibit to the Registrant's  Form 10-K for the year ended June
     30, 1992, filed September 10, 1992.
 (6) Filed as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 8, dated February 25, 1993,  filed
     February 26, 1993.
 (7) Filed  as an  exhibit to Registrant's  Form S-1  Registration Statement No.
     33-67958 filed August 26, 1993.
 (8) Filed  as  an  exhibit  to  Amendment  No.  1  to  Registrant's  Form   S-1
     Registration Statement No. 33-67958 filed October 19, 1993.

 (9) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant's Form S-8 Registration Statement No.
     33-53853 filed May 27, 1994.
(10) Filed  as an exhibit to the Registrant's  Form 10-K for the year ended June
     30, 1993, filed September 9, 1993.
(11) Filed as an  exhibit to the  Registrant's Form 10-Q  for the quarter  ended
     December 31, 1993, filed February 14, 1994.
(12) Filed  as an exhibit  to the Registrant's  Form 10-Q for  the quarter ended
     March 31, 1994, filed May 13, 1994.
</TABLE>

    (b) Reports on Form 8-K
      None.

                                       32
<PAGE>
                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to  the requirements  of  Section 13  or  15(d) of  the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                          HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

Date: September 16,1994                   By:      \s\ JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.

                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     James T. McAfee, Jr.
                                                 CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
                                                           OFFICER

    Pursuant  to the requirements  of the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934, this
report has been  signed below  by the  following persons,  in multiple  original
counterparts,  on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date
indicated:

                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                      SIGNATURES                                     TITLE                         DATE
- - ------------------------------------------------------  --------------------------------  -----------------------

<C>                                                     <S>                               <C>
                   \s\ JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.
     -------------------------------------------        Chairman, Chief Executive           September 16, 1994
                 James T. McAfee, Jr.                    Officer, and Director

                                                        President, Chief Operating
                 \s\ ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.             Officer and Chief Financial
     -------------------------------------------         Officer (Principal Accounting      September 16, 1994
               Robert M. Thornton, Jr.                   Officer)

                    \s\ ROLLAND A. MAXWELL
     -------------------------------------------        Director                            September 16, 1994
                  Rolland A. Maxwell

     -------------------------------------------        Director
                    Kay W. Slayden

     -------------------------------------------        Director
                   James E. Martin

                    \s\ J. RANDOLPH SECKMAN
     -------------------------------------------        Director                            September 16, 1994
                 J. Randolph Seckman
</TABLE>

                                       33
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
        INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

    The  following consolidated financial  statements of the  Registrant and its
subsidiaries are submitted herewith in response to Item 8 and Item 14(a)1:

                HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               PAGE
                                                                                                            -----------
<S>                                                                                                         <C>
Report of independent public accountants..................................................................         F-2
Consolidated balance sheets at June 30, 1993 and 1994.....................................................         F-3
Consolidated statements of income for the years ended June 30, 1992, 1993, and 1994.......................         F-4
Consolidated statements of redeemable preferred stock and common stockholders' equity for the years ended
 June 30, 1992, 1993, and 1994............................................................................         F-5
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended June 30, 1992, 1993 and 1994....................         F-6
Notes to consolidated financial statements................................................................         F-7
</TABLE>

    The following  financial  statement  schedules of  the  Registrant  and  its
subsidiaries are submitted herewith in response to Item 14(a)2:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                               PAGE
                                                                                                            -----------
<S>                                                                                                         <C>
Schedule V -- Property, plant and equipment...............................................................         S-1
Schedule VI -- Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of property, plant and equipment......         S-2
Schedule VIII -- Valuation and qualifying accounts........................................................         S-3
</TABLE>

    All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the
related  instructions, are inapplicable  or have been disclosed  in the notes to
consolidated financial statements, and therefore have been omitted.

                                      F-1
<PAGE>
                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and the Stockholders
of Hallmark Healthcare Corporation:

    We have audited  the accompanying  consolidated balance  sheets of  Hallmark
Healthcare  Corporation (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries as of June 30,
1993 and 1994,  and the  related consolidated statements  of income,  redeemable
preferred  stock and common stockholders' equity and  cash flows for each of the
three years in the  period ended June 30,  1994. These financial statements  and
the  schedules  referred  to  below  are  the  responsibility  of  the Company's
management. Our  responsibility is  to  express an  opinion on  these  financial
statements based on our audits.

    We  conducted  our audits  in  accordance with  generally  accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to  obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also  includes
assessing  the  accounting principles  used  and significant  estimates  made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement  presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In  our opinion, the financial statements  referred to above present fairly,
in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of  Hallmark  Healthcare
Corporation  and subsidiaries as of  June 30, 1993 and  1994, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the  period
ended   June  30,  1994,  in   conformity  with  generally  accepted  accounting
principles.

    As discussed in  Note 9,  effective July 1,  1993, the  Company changed  its
method of accounting for income taxes.

    Our  audits were  made for the  purpose of  forming an opinion  on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole.  The schedules listed in Item 14(a)2  are
presented   for  purposes  of   complying  with  the   Securities  and  Exchange
Commission's rules and  are not part  of the basic  financial statements.  These
schedules  have been subjected to the  auditing procedures applied in the audits
of the  basic financial  statements and,  in our  opinion, fairly  state in  all
material  respects  the  financial data  required  to  be set  forth  therein in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.

ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

Atlanta, Georgia
August 12, 1994

                                      F-2
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                     ASSETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                   JUNE 30,
                                                                                            ----------------------
                                                                                               1993        1994
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
<S>                                                                                         <C>         <C>
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents...............................................................  $    4,899  $   19,757
  Patient accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $4,135 and $4,083
   at June 30, 1993 and 1994, respectively................................................      19,767      20,396
  Other accounts receivable (net).........................................................       2,212       3,502
  Inventories.............................................................................       4,103       4,212
  Other current assets....................................................................       2,301       2,373
  Deferred tax asset......................................................................      --           4,757
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
      Total current assets................................................................      33,282      54,997
Property and equipment:
  Land and improvements...................................................................       7,277       7,555
  Buildings and improvements..............................................................      98,887     101,798
  Equipment...............................................................................      53,296      56,202
  Construction in progress................................................................       2,227         687
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
                                                                                               161,687     166,242
  Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization.........................................     (53,452)    (62,222)
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
    Net property and equipment............................................................     108,235     104,020
Funds held by trustees....................................................................      13,308       8,172
Other assets..............................................................................       5,052       5,831
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
      Total assets........................................................................  $  159,877  $  173,020
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
                                       LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable........................................................................  $   11,819  $    9,634
  Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations.........................       5,306         247
  Accrued payroll, vacation and related taxes.............................................       4,056       3,651
  Other accrued liabilities...............................................................      10,718      11,924
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
      Total current liabilities...........................................................      31,899      25,456
Long-term debt and capital lease obligations..............................................      75,181      87,574
Long-term portion of accrued general and professional liability risks.....................      10,795      10,549
Other long-term liabilities...............................................................       6,853       6,899
Deferred income taxes.....................................................................       2,060       9,653
Deferred debt restructuring credits.......................................................      27,041      --
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
      Total liabilities...................................................................     153,829     140,131
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
Commitments and contingencies
Redeemable preferred stock................................................................       1,095       1,303
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
Common stockholders' equity:
  Common stock:
    Class A, $.05 par value, authorized 25,000,000 shares;
     issued and outstanding 2,585,457 and 2,982,482 shares at
     June 30, 1993 and 1994, respectively.................................................         129         149
    Class B, $.05 par value, authorized 2,500,000 shares;
     issued and outstanding 390,298 and 64,102 shares at June 30, 1993
     and 1994, respectively...............................................................          19           3
  Additional paid-in capital..............................................................      52,331      54,469
  Accumulated deficit.....................................................................     (47,526)    (23,035)
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
      Total common stockholders' equity...................................................       4,953      31,586
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
      Total liabilities and stockholders' equity..........................................  $  159,877  $  173,020
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
                                                                                            ----------  ----------
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-3
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                       -------------------------------------------
                                                                           1992           1993           1994
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Net patient service revenues.........................................  $     164,605  $     172,521  $     182,788
Other revenues.......................................................          5,400          6,716          8,756
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
      Total revenues.................................................        170,005        179,237        191,544
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
Expenses:
  Salaries and benefits..............................................         72,957         75,641         83,467
  Supplies...........................................................         22,832         22,970         24,022
  Provision for bad debts............................................         11,775         10,796         12,713
  Other operating expenses...........................................         42,548         49,931         47,684
  Interest...........................................................          5,334          3,871          7,502
  Depreciation and amortization......................................          9,426          9,027          9,428
  Credit from restructuring transactions.............................         (2,133)      --             --
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
      Total expenses.................................................        162,739        172,236        184,816
  Income from operations.............................................          7,266          7,001          6,728
  Gain on sale of healthcare facility................................       --                  752       --
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
  Income before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative
   effect of accounting change.......................................          7,266          7,753          6,728
Provision for income taxes...........................................          3,261          3,303          2,826
      Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
       accounting change.............................................          4,005          4,450          3,902
Extraordinary items:
  Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect of $42,
   $1,344 and $2,170 at June 30, 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively...             82          2,017         19,784
  Credit resulting from utilization of net operating loss
   carryforwards.....................................................          2,682          3,914       --
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
  Income before cumulative effect of accounting change...............  $       6,769  $      10,381  $      23,686
  Cumulative effect of accounting change.............................       --             --                  805
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
Net income...........................................................  $       6,769  $      10,381  $      24,491
Accretion of preferred stock redemption requirement..................            244            329            413
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
Net income applicable to common stock................................  $       6,525  $      10,052  $      24,078
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
Weighted average common and common equivalent shares outstanding.....      3,358,491      3,449,752      3,681,410
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
Net income per common and common equivalent share:
  Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
   accounting change.................................................  $        1.19  $        1.29  $        1.06
  Extraordinary items:
    Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect............            .03            .59           5.37
    Credit resulting from utilization of net operating loss
     carryforwards...................................................            .80           1.13       --
    Cumulative effect of accounting change...........................       --             --                 0.22
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
Net income per common and common equivalent share....................  $        2.02  $        3.01  $        6.65
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
                                                                       -------------  -------------  -------------
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-4
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK
                        AND COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 COMMON STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                                              ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              REDEEMABLE           CLASS A              CLASS B
                                           PREFERRED STOCK      COMMON STOCK         COMMON STOCK
                                          ------------------  -----------------   -------------------   ADDITIONAL
                                          NUMBER OF           NUMBER OF           NUMBER OF              PAID-IN     ACCUMULATED
                                           SHARES     AMOUNT   SHARES    AMOUNT    SHARES      AMOUNT    CAPITAL       DEFICIT
                                          ---------   ------  ---------  ------   ---------    ------   ----------   -----------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>     <C>        <C>      <C>          <C>      <C>          <C>
Balance June 30, 1991...................    45,720    $  672  2,478,072   $124     390,298      $19      $52,694      $(64,676)
Issuance of common stock under employee
 stock option plans.....................     --         --       20,150      1       --         --            18        --
Issuance of common stock in exchange for
 preferred stock........................    (3,739)      (95)    18,697      1       --         --            94        --
Accretion of preferred stock redemption
 requirement............................     --          244     --       --         --         --          (244)       --
Net income..............................     --         --       --       --         --         --         --            6,769
                                          ---------   ------  ---------  ------   ---------    ------   ----------   -----------
Balance June 30, 1992...................    41,981       821  2,516,919    126     390,298       19       52,562       (57,907)
Issuance of common stock under employee
 stock option plans.....................     --         --       56,479      2       --         --            44        --
Issuance of common stock in exchange for
 preferred stock........................    (2,412)      (55)    12,059      1       --         --            54        --
Accretion of preferred stock redemption
 requirement............................     --          329     --       --         --         --          (329)       --
Net income..............................     --         --       --       --         --         --         --           10,381
                                          ---------   ------  ---------  ------   ---------    ------   ----------   -----------
Balance June 30, 1993...................    39,569     1,095  2,585,457    129     390,298       19       52,331       (47,526)
Issuance of common stock under employee
 stock option plans.....................     --         --       38,950      2       --         --           114        --
Issuance of common stock in exchange for
 preferred stock........................    (6,382)     (204)    31,910      2       --         --           202        --
Issuance of Class A common stock in
 exchange for Class B common stock......     --         --      326,191     16    (326,191)     (16)       --           --
Accretion of preferred stock redemption
 requirement............................     --          413     --       --         --         --          (413)       --
Accrual for the issuance of Class A
 common stock under a long-term
 incentive plan.........................     --         --       --       --         --         --         1,341        --
Fractional shares retired pursuant to
 reverse stock split....................      (302)       (1)       (26)  --            (5)     --         --           --
Income tax effect of employee stock
 options and long-term incentive plan...     --         --       --       --         --         --           894        --
Net income..............................     --         --       --       --         --         --         --           24,491
                                          ---------   ------  ---------  ------   ---------    ------   ----------   -----------
Balance June 30, 1994...................    32,885    $1,303  2,982,482   $149      64,102      $ 3      $54,469      $(23,035)
                                          ---------   ------  ---------  ------   ---------    ------   ----------   -----------
                                          ---------   ------  ---------  ------   ---------    ------   ----------   -----------
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-5
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                               ---------------------------------
                                                                                 1992        1993        1994
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                                                            <C>        <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income.................................................................  $   6,769  $   10,381  $   24,491
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
   activities:
    Extraordinary items:
      Gain on restructure of debt............................................        (82)     (2,017)    (19,784)
      Credit resulting from utilization of net operating loss
       carryforwards.........................................................     (2,682)     (3,914)     --
    Cumulative effect of accounting change...................................     --          --            (805)
    Depreciation and amortization............................................      9,426       9,027       9,428
    Provision for deferred taxes.............................................        480         345       2,238
    Gain on sale of healthcare facility......................................     --            (752)     --
    Amortization of deferred debt restructuring credits......................     (6,164)     (6,034)     (2,072)
    Change in allowance for doubtful accounts................................       (388)       (188)        (52)
    Credit from restructuring transactions...................................     (2,133)     --          --
Change in assets and liabilities, net of effects of healthcare facilities
 sold:
    Patient accounts receivable..............................................      4,272      (1,797)     (1,177)
    Other accounts receivable................................................       (527)        189         233
    Other assets.............................................................      1,351          15         593
    Accounts payable.........................................................        153       1,987      (2,185)
    Accrued interest.........................................................        938      (2,335)        651
    Other liabilities........................................................      3,993       4,492       2,305
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
          Total adjustments..................................................      8,637        (982)    (10,627)
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
    Net cash provided by operating activities................................     15,406       9,399      13,864
Cash flows from investing activities:
    Proceeds from sales of healthcare facilities.............................     --           9,336      --
    Purchases of property and equipment, net.................................     (7,230)     (6,375)     (4,586)
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
    Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities......................     (7,230)      2,961      (4,586)
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt.................................     --          --          80,000
    Costs of issuance of long-term debt......................................     --          --          (2,400)
    Principal payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations.......     (8,278)    (15,210)    (75,980)
    Release of funds held by trustees........................................     --          --           3,960
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
    Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities......................     (8,278)    (15,210)      5,580
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
(Decrease) Increase in cash and cash equivalents.............................       (102)     (2,850)     14,858
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year...............................      7,851       7,749       4,899
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.....................................  $   7,749  $    4,899  $   19,757
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
                                                                               ---------  ----------  ----------
</TABLE>

                            See accompanying notes.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 1. -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
    Hallmark  Healthcare Corporation  (the "Company") is  a Delaware corporation
which began doing business  under its present name  during the first quarter  of
fiscal  1992. The Company is engaged  primarily in the ownership and management,
through subsidiaries, of hospitals and other healthcare related enterprises.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

    The consolidated financial  statements include the  accounts of the  Company
and   its   wholly-owned  and   majority-owned  subsidiaries.   All  significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

    For purposes of  the statements  of cash  flows, the  Company considers  all
highly  liquid debt  instruments purchased  with an  original maturity  of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.

INVENTORIES

    Inventories consist primarily  of medical supplies  and pharmaceuticals  and
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Property  and equipment are recorded  at historical cost. Expenditures which
increase capacity or  extend the  useful life of  an asset  are capitalized  and
depreciated over the remaining estimated useful life of such asset. Maintenance,
repairs,  and  minor replacements  are  expensed as  incurred.  Depreciation and
amortization are computed at rates estimated by management to amortize the  cost
of  the various  assets over  the periods  of expected  use or,  in the  case of
capital leases, over  the lives  of such  leases, if  shorter. Depreciation  and
amortization  have been provided on the  straight-line method using useful lives
ranging from 20 to 45 years for buildings and improvements and 3 to 20 years for
equipment.

GOODWILL

    At June  30, 1993  and 1994,  the net  unamortized balance  of  consolidated
goodwill  was  $1,262,000 and  $865,000, respectively,  and  is included  in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets under the caption "Other assets". These
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis  over periods ranging from 5 to  40
years.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    The  Company's  financial instruments  consist  primarily of  cash  and cash
equivalents, patient accounts receivable, other accounts receivable, funds  held
by  trustees, accounts payable, long-term debt and capital lease obligations and
redeemable preferred stock. The carrying  amounts of cash and cash  equivalents,
patient  accounts receivable,  other accounts  receivable, and  accounts payable
approximate  their  fair  value  because  of  the  short  maturities  of   those
instruments.  The  carrying  amount of  funds  held by  trustees,  which consist
primarily of short term governmental securities and investment grade  commercial
paper, approximates the fair value of such funds because of the short maturities
of  the  securities.  The  carrying  amount  of  the  Company's  10  5/8% Senior
Subordinated Notes due 2003  (the "Notes") is $80,000,000.  The market value  of
such  Notes is approximately $77,100,000 based  on the last reported sales price
of the Notes on June 30, 1994. The carrying amounts of capital lease obligations
approximate their  fair  value  because in  management's  opinion  the  carrying
amounts   of  these  instruments  reflect   terms  substantially  equivalent  to
prevailing market terms. The carrying

                                      F-7
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 1. -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (CONTINUED)
value of the  Company's redeemable  preferred stock  is $1,303,000  at June  30,
1994.  The market value of such instruments is $3,124,000 based on quoted market
prices of  the  Company's  common  stock  into  which  the  preferred  stock  is
convertible at the holder's option.

GENERAL AND PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY

    The   Company  is  self-insured  against  a   portion  of  its  general  and
professional liability risks.  The reserves for  losses within its  self-insured
retention  limits, including  loss adjustment  expenses, are  based on actuarial
estimates using the Company's historical claims experience adjusted for  current
industry  trends.  The reserve  for unpaid  claims is  adjusted, as  such claims
mature, to reflect revised  actuarial estimates based  on actual experience.  Of
such   reserves,  $1,300,000  and   $1,350,000  at  June   30,  1993  and  1994,
respectively, are included  in the accompanying  consolidated balance sheets  in
"Other  accrued liabilities"  and represent the  estimated amount  of claims and
loss adjustment expenses  to be  paid within  the following  twelve months.  The
balance  of such reserves is classified as "Long-term portion of accrued general
and professional liability  risks." For the  fiscal years ended  June 30,  1992,
1993  and 1994, the  Company recorded as an  expense for self-insurance reserves
$896,000, $1,401,000 and $1,197,000, respectively. The Company does not discount
its reserves for losses and related expenses to their present value.

OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES

    Other  accrued  liabilities  includes  amounts  related  to  the   Company's
self-insured  employee group  medical coverage  of $1,583,000  and $1,472,000 at
June 30, 1993 and 1994, respectively.

NET PATIENT SERVICE REVENUES

    The Company's  hospitals  serve  a  significant  number  of  patients  under
government  and privately sponsored insurance programs for which payment is made
(i) based on cost  as defined under  the program, (ii)  at a predetermined  rate
based  upon  the diagnosis,  plus,  in certain  cases,  capital costs  and other
adjustments or (iii) at negotiated rates based on a discount from the  Company's
usual charges.

    Net  patient  service revenues  are presented  based on  established billing
rates less allowances and discounts  for patients covered by Medicare,  Medicaid
and  other  contractual programs.  Payments  received under  these  programs are
generally less than the  established billing rates  of the Company's  hospitals,
and  the differences are  recorded as contractual  allowances or discounts. Such
allowances have been deducted from  accounts receivable pending final audit  and
settlement.  Provision for contractual  allowances and discounts  for the fiscal
years ended  June 30,  1992, 1993  and 1994  were $86,935,000,  $94,212,000  and
$104,360,000, respectively. In management's opinion, the allowances provided are
adequate to cover any liabilities that may result from final settlements.

    It  is  the  Company's  policy  to  collect  compensation  for  all services
performed; however,  in the  ordinary course  of business,  the Company  renders
certain services in its facilities to patients who are financially unable to pay
for  hospital care, without the expectation of payment and for which the Company
does not pursue collection  (charity care). The amount  of such charity care  is
not material to the Company's consolidated results of operations.

OTHER REVENUES

    Other  revenues include income from  non-patient hospital activities such as
cafeteria sales, interest income,  rental income and  other related services  as
well  as revenues  from one  of the  Company's majority-owned  subsidiaries that
operates pain centers in hospitals owned by others.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 1. -- SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES (CONTINUED)
INCOME TAXES

    Income taxes are provided by  applying the applicable statutory federal  and
state  tax  rates to  book income  before income  taxes, adjusted  for permanent
differences between book and tax income.  Deferred income taxes are provided  at
the enacted marginal rates on the difference between the financial statement and
income  tax bases of  assets and liabilities. Deferred  income tax provisions or
benefits are based on the change in the deferred tax assets and liabilities from
period to period.

NOTE 2. -- PROPOSED MERGER
    On June 10,  1994, the Company  entered into a  definitive merger  agreement
with  Community Health  Systems, Inc.  ("Community") under  which Community will
acquire all of  the outstanding shares  of the Company's  Class A common  stock,
Class  B common stock,  and Redeemable preferred stock.  The agreement calls for
Community to exchange  0.97 shares of  its common  stock for each  share of  the
Company's  Class A and Class  B common stock and 5.4  shares of its common stock
for each  share of  the  Company's Redeemable  preferred  stock. The  merger  is
subject  to  conditions including,  but  not limited  to,  the approval  of both
companies' stockholders and  all appropriate regulatory  approvals. The  Company
anticipates  that the  merger, subject  to the  satisfaction of  those and other
conditions, will be consummated in the Company's fiscal year 1995.

NOTE 3. -- CHANGE IN OPERATIONS
    During 1993, the  Company divested substantially  all of the  assets of  two
subsidiaries  that operated a 63 bed hospital in McMinnville, Tennessee and a 36
bed hospital  in Cumming,  Georgia  for approximately  $9,400,000 in  cash.  The
Company  recognized a gain of $752,000 from the sale of the McMinnville hospital
in the quarter ended September 30, 1992.  No gain or loss was recognized on  the
sale  of the Cumming hospital. Of  the net proceeds of approximately $8,500,000,
approximately $7,000,000 was applied as prepayments on amounts outstanding under
the former Bank Credit Agreement. The Company utilized the remaining  $1,500,000
of  the proceeds  to acquire  a portion  of the  Company's 14  1/2% Subordinated
Debentures (the "14 1/2% Debentures"). The accompanying consolidated  statements
of income include no revenues and expenses for the McMinnville facility for 1993
and  include revenues and expenses for the Cumming facility through November 30,
1992. For the year  ended June 30,  1992, the facilities  had total revenues  of
$12,646,000 and total expenses of $14,616,000 (excluding interest). For the year
ended  June 30, 1993,  the facilities had  total revenues of  $974,000 and total
expenses of $1,313,000.

                                      F-9
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 4. -- LONG-TERM DEBT
    Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      JUNE 30, 1993  JUNE 30, 1994
                                                                                      -------------  -------------
<S>                                                                                   <C>            <C>
Senior Subordinated Notes due November 15, 2003, interest at 10 5/8% per annum
 payable semi-annually beginning May 15, 1994, redeemable at the Company's option at
 a redemption price of 105.3125% of principal on or after November 15, 1998,
 declining to 102.6563% on November 15, 1999 and 100% on November 15, 2000..........   $   --         $    80,000
Amended and Restated Bank Credit Agreement dated as of January 1, 1989, as amended,
 ("Bank Credit Agreement")..........................................................        64,244        --
Senior Subordinated Debentures due 1999, interest at 7%.............................         6,238        --
Senior Subordinated Notes due 1999, interest at 7%..................................         1,098        --
Senior Subordinated Notes due 1993 through 1995, interest at 8% or 9%...............           959        --
Notes collateralized by property and equipment and other indebtedness at various
 interest rates ranging from 8% to 9% per annum, payable in various amounts through
 1999...............................................................................           547            454
                                                                                      -------------  -------------
                                                                                            73,086         80,454
Less current portion................................................................        (5,206)           (97)
                                                                                      -------------  -------------
Long-term debt......................................................................   $    67,880    $    80,357
                                                                                      -------------  -------------
                                                                                      -------------  -------------
</TABLE>

    On November 15, 1993, the Company completed a public offering of $80,000,000
principal amount of 10  5/8% Senior Subordinated Notes  due 2003. The Notes  are
senior  subordinated obligations of the Company,  and, as such, are subordinated
to all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Company. The net  proceeds
from  the  offering  were  approximately  $77,600,000,  of  which  approximately
$62,100,000 was used  to repay in  full the indebtedness  outstanding under  the
Bank  Credit Agreement and  approximately $10,700,000 was used  to redeem all of
the Company's outstanding subordinated  indebtedness. The remaining proceeds  of
approximately $4,800,000 will be used for general corporate purposes.

    The  indenture  contains certain  covenants which  limit or  restrict, among
other items,  (i) additional  indebtedness,  including subordinated  debt;  (ii)
liens;  (iii) issuance  of preferred stock  by the  Company's subsidiaries; (iv)
transactions with  affiliates;  (v)  restricted  payments,  including,  but  not
limited  to, cash dividends on the Company's equity securities; (vi) investments
and loans; (vii) application of the proceeds of certain asset sales; and  (viii)
mergers,  consolidations and the transfer of  substantially all of the assets of
the Company to another person, all as defined in the indenture. The Company  was
in compliance with these covenants at June 30, 1994. The indenture also contains
a  provision that in the  event of a change of  control, as defined, the Company
shall make an offer to repurchase the Notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of
the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest through the repurchase date.
The proposed merger with Community (Note 2), if consummated, would constitute  a
change  of control  under the indenture  and could  result in up  to $800,000 in
premium payments and the write-off of up to $2,600,000 in deferred loan costs.

    During the  quarter ended  December 31,  1993, the  Company entered  into  a
credit  agreement  with a  financial  institution (the  "New  Credit Agreement")
pursuant to which the Company may borrow up

                                      F-10
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 4. -- LONG-TERM DEBT (CONTINUED)
to $25,000,000.  The New  Credit Agreement  consists of  (i) a  working  capital
facility  in the principal amount  of up to $15,000,000  and (ii) an acquisition
facility in  the  principal  amount  of up  to  $10,000,000  (collectively,  the
"Facilities").  Borrowings under the working capital  facility are secured by an
assignment by the Company of its patient accounts receivable to the lender.  The
Company  may  not  borrow  pursuant  to the  acquisition  facility  until  it is
activated by mutual agreement of  the Company and the  lender, which must be  no
later than December 31, 1994; the acquisition facility had not been activated as
of June 30, 1994. Borrowing capacity under the working capital facility is based
on  a  percentage  of the  Company's  eligible patient  accounts  receivable, as
defined. Certain conditions  must be  satisfied prior to  the Company  borrowing
under  the Facilities, some of  which have not yet  been satisfied. There was no
borrowing availability at June 30, 1994.

    Interest on the Facilities is payable monthly at a variable rate selected by
the Company, which will be either a published rate for thirty day  dealer-placed
commercial  paper, plus  3% or reserve-adjusted  one, two or  three month LIBOR,
plus 3%. The working capital facility terminates on December 31, 1998, at  which
time  the entire  unpaid balance  under the  facility is  due. Principal  on the
acquisition facility  is  due  in  twelve  monthly  installments  commencing  on
December  31, 1997. The Facilities bear  an unused line fee of  1/2 of 1% of the
average daily unused availability  under the Facilities. No  unused line fee  is
charged for the acquisition facility until such line is activated.

    Under the terms of the New Credit Agreement, the Company is required to meet
certain  financial covenants, including,  among others, a  fixed charge coverage
ratio, a minimum interest coverage ratio, a minimum net worth level, an accounts
receivable turnover ratio and a minimum  EBITDA level, as defined. In  addition,
the   New  Credit   Agreement  contains   limitations  and/or   restrictions  on
acquisitions, investments,  capital  expenditures, dividends  on  the  Company's
equity  securities and incurrence of additional indebtedness. The Company was in
compliance with these covenants at June 30, 1994.

    At June  30,  1994, the  Company  had  four outstanding  letters  of  credit
totalling  $6,858,000 which  were issued  by a commercial  bank and  are used to
satisfy certain  security requirements  of the  Company's workers'  compensation
insurance  carrier  and  a  lease  agreement related  to  one  of  the Company's
hospitals. To date, there have been no drawings under these letters of credit.

    During Fiscal years  1990 through  1993, the  Company, through  a series  of
transactions,   underwent  a   restructuring  of  certain   of  its  outstanding
indebtedness. The restructuring included  modifications to its then  outstanding
bank  debt and the issuance  of several series of  senior subordinated notes and
debentures and  payments  of  cash  in  exchange for  certain  of  its  14  1/2%
Debentures.  Pursuant  to the  provisions of  Statement of  Financial Accounting
Standards ("SFAS") No.  15, "Accounting  by Debtors and  Creditors for  Troubled
Debt   Restructuring",  the  Company  did  not   recognize  any  gain  from  the
modification of  its bank  debt or  from  certain transactions  in the  14  1/2%
Debentures.  The  unrecognized  gain  from such  transactions  was  deferred and
classified  in  the  accompanying  condensed  consolidated  balance  sheets   as
"Deferred  debt  restructuring  credits".  Such  credits  were  amortized  as  a
reduction of  interest expense  during  the period  that the  restructured  debt
remained  outstanding. During  the years  ended June  30, 1992,  1993, and 1994,
interest  expense  was  reduced   by  $6,164,000,  $6,034,000  and   $2,072,000,
respectively,  as a result  of amortization of the  deferred credits. During the
year ended June 30,  1994, the Company retired  all remaining restructured  debt
and  recognized an extraordinary gain of $19,784,000(net of income tax effect of
$2,170,000) primarily  from  the  write-off  of the  remaining  balance  of  the
deferred credits.

    In  the course of  restructuring its 14 1/2%  Debentures, the Company issued
$9,895,000 principal  amount  of 7%  Senior  Subordinated Debentures  due  1999,
$1,718,000 principal amount of 9% Senior

                                      F-11
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 4. -- LONG-TERM DEBT (CONTINUED)
Subordinated Notes due 1993, $800,000 principal amount of 8% Senior Subordinated
Notes  due 1995, $1,193,000 principal amount of 7% Senior Subordinated Notes due
1999, and paid cash  of $8,156,000 in  exchange for $30,000,000  of its 14  1/2%
Debentures   including   all  accrued   interest   thereon.  Pursuant   to  such
restructuring transactions,  the Company  recognized  an extraordinary  gain  of
approximately  $82,000  (net  of  income  tax effect  of  $42,000)  in  1992 and
$2,017,000 (net of income tax effect of $1,344,000) in 1993.

    The following table  sets forth  the calculation of  the extraordinary  gain
recognized in 1992, 1993 and 1994, respectively (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              1992       1993       1994
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                         <C>        <C>        <C>
Principal and accrued interest retired....................................  $     129  $   7,600  $  70,416
Deferred credits retired..................................................         57      2,312     24,969
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total restructured amounts............................................        186      9,912     95,385
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
Cash payments.............................................................         62      5,683     72,831
New debt issued...........................................................     --            800     --
Future interest on new debt issued........................................     --             68     --
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total consideration...................................................         62      6,551     72,831
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
Other costs of restructuring..............................................     --         --            600
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
Pre-tax gain on debt restructuring........................................  $     124  $   3,361  $  21,954
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                            ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    The  following table sets forth the changes  in the balances of the Deferred
Debt Restructuring Credits for  the fiscal years ended  June 30, 1992, 1993  and
1994 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        1992       1993        1994
                                                                      ---------  ---------  ----------
<S>                                                                   <C>        <C>        <C>
Beginning Balance...................................................  $  41,498  $  35,298  $   27,041
Additions resulting from debt restructuring transactions............     --             68      --
Additions pursuant to issuance of payment-in-kind
 notes..............................................................         21         21      --
Reductions resulting from extinguishment of debt....................        (57)    (2,312)    (24,969)
Amortization credited to interest expense...........................     (6,164)    (6,034)     (2,072)
                                                                      ---------  ---------  ----------
Ending Balance......................................................  $  35,298  $  27,041  $   --
                                                                      ---------  ---------  ----------
                                                                      ---------  ---------  ----------
</TABLE>

    Scheduled  long-term debt principal payments at June 30, 1994 are as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FISCAL YEAR
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>
1995.....................................................................  $      97
1996.....................................................................          0
1997.....................................................................          0
1998.....................................................................        179
1999.....................................................................        178
Thereafter...............................................................     80,000
                                                                           ---------
                                                                           $  80,454
                                                                           ---------
                                                                           ---------
</TABLE>

                                      F-12
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 5. -- LEASES
    The Company  leases certain  facilities and  equipment under  operating  and
capital  lease agreements which expire on  various dates and require the Company
to pay all maintenance and insurance costs. Rent expense under operating  leases
was  $4,887,000, $4,874,000 and $5,174,000 in fiscal years 1992, 1993, and 1994,
respectively.

    Commitments for  property  and  equipment  subject  to  capital  leases  and
noncancellable operating leases are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             JUNE 30, 1994
                                                                         ----------------------
FISCAL YEAR                                                               OPERATING    CAPITAL
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------  -----------  ---------
<S>                                                                      <C>          <C>
1995...................................................................   $   1,126   $   1,220
1996...................................................................         693       1,140
1997...................................................................         330       1,130
1998...................................................................         231       1,130
1999...................................................................         103       1,130
Thereafter.............................................................          45      16,689
                                                                         -----------  ---------
    Total minimum future lease payments................................   $   2,528      22,439
                                                                         -----------
                                                                         -----------
    Less amount representing interest..................................                  15,072
                                                                                      ---------
Present value of obligations under capital leases (interest rates range
 from 9.2% to 15.9%)...................................................                   7,367
Less current portion...................................................                     150
                                                                                      ---------
Long-term capital lease obligations....................................               $   7,217
                                                                                      ---------
                                                                                      ---------
</TABLE>

    Funds  held by trustees include $4,035,000 as of June 30, 1993 of restricted
cash held  by a  trustee as  collateral  for the  Company's obligation  under  a
capital  lease for one hospital facility.  During 1994, the Company replaced the
collateral with a letter of credit issued by a commercial bank in the amount  of
$3,975,000.

    Assets capitalized under the above capital leases follow (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                JUNE 30,
                                                                          --------------------
                                                                            1993       1994
                                                                          ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                       <C>        <C>
Buildings and improvements..............................................  $   7,815  $   7,815
Equipment...............................................................        799        921
                                                                          ---------  ---------
                                                                              8,614      8,736
Less accumulated amortization...........................................     (2,229)    (2,638)
                                                                          ---------  ---------
    Net assets capitalized under capital leases.........................  $   6,385  $   6,098
                                                                          ---------  ---------
                                                                          ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

NOTE 6. -- 25% REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK
    The  Company  is authorized  to issue  2,500,000  shares of  preferred stock
(issuable in series)  of which it  had outstanding  at June 30,  1993 and  1994,
39,569  and  32,885  shares, respectively,  of  $5 par  value  25% Participating
Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the "25% Preferred"). The 25%
Preferred  has  a  preference  over  common  stockholders  upon  liquidation  or
dissolution  of  the  Company of  $125  per  share, minus  certain  dividends if
previously paid. Each 25% Preferred share is convertible, at any time, into five
shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment under certain  conditions,
and  is entitled to annual dividends equal to 25% of defined net income, if any,
subject to a

                                      F-13
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 6. -- 25% REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK (CONTINUED)
maximum annual payment of 10% of liquidation preference, when and if declared by
the Board of Directors of  the Company out of  funds legally available for  such
dividends. Such dividends are cumulative and subject to certain maximums, limits
and  other conditions.  As of  June 30,  1994, the  maximum dividend  payable to
preferred  stockholders  for  fiscal  1994  was  $411,000  (10%  of  liquidation
preference).  If such dividend is not declared  by the Board of Directors of the
Company, and it is probable it will  not be, then the dividend is cumulative  to
the  extent  of  5% of  liquidation  value  ($206,000). The  Company's  Board of
Directors did not declare a dividend at December 31, 1993 (the dividend  payment
date  for fiscal 1993) and therefore such  1993 dividends were cumulative to the
extent of 5% of liquidation value  ($206,000). In addition, 1990, 1991 and  1992
dividends  are cumulative to the extent  of 12% of liquidation value ($493,000).
To date, dividends are  cumulative to the  extent of an amount  equal to 17%  of
liquidation preference or $699,000. The holders of the 25% Preferred have voting
rights  on all matters  other than election  of Directors. The  25% Preferred is
redeemable at any time prior to the required redemption at the Company's option.
Based on  the  current  number of  shares  outstanding,  the terms  of  the  25%
Preferred  require  redemption  at a  price  of  $125 per  share,  minus certain
dividends if previously paid, on February 12, 1995 of $548,000, on February  12,
1999  of $2,192,000, and on  February 12, 2000 of  $1,370,000 (for the remaining
shares). No accrual has been made for dividends on the 25% Preferred.

    The 25% Preferred was recorded at issuance  at $9.35 per share and is  being
accreted  to a redemption price  of $125 per share  through the redemption dates
utilizing the interest method. The accretion is charged to retained earnings, if
available, or additional paid-in capital.

    During fiscal 1994,  6,382 shares  of the  25% Preferred  were converted  to
31,910 shares of the Company's Class A common stock.

NOTE 7. -- EARNINGS PER SHARE
    Earnings  per  share for  the  years ended  June  30, 1992,  1993  and 1994,
respectively, are based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding, adjusted to give effect  to common stock equivalents consisting  of
shares  issuable upon  conversion of  the 25%  Preferred (209,905,  197,845, and
164,425 shares, respectively),  shares of  Class B  common stock  issued to  the
Company's  Bank  Debt Holders  pursuant to  the  Bank Credit  Agreement (390,298
shares for each of the two years ended June 30, 1992 and 1993 and 64,102 shares,
for the year ended June 30,  1994) and contingently issuable shares pursuant  to
stock  option plans and  other contracts (250,951,  294,146, and 489,365 shares,
respectively). The  number of  shares  used in  the computation  was  3,358,491,
3,449,752,  and  3,681,410 for  1992, 1993  and  1994, respectively.  Net income
available to common  stockholders has  been adjusted  for the  accretion of  the
preferred stock redemption requirement applicable to the 25% Preferred.

NOTE 8. -- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PLANS
    In  November 1992, the Company amended  its Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation to  effect a  recapitalization through  a one-for-five  reverse
stock  split (the "Reverse Stock Split") pursuant  to which on November 10, 1992
(the "Effective  Date") every  five shares  of the  Company's 25%  Participating
Cumulative  Convertible Redeemable Preferred  Stock, par value  $1.00 per share,
outstanding on the Effective Date became and are exchangeable for one new  share
of 25% Preferred and pursuant to which every five shares of the Company's Common
Stock,  par value $.01 per  share, outstanding on the  Effective Date became and
are exchangeable for one new share of Common Stock

                                      F-14
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 8. -- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PLANS (CONTINUED)
with par value  of $.05 per  share. The accompanying  financial statements,  and
management's  discussion  and analysis  of results  of operations  and financial
condition, including  all  share  and  per  share  amounts  (including,  without
limitation,  all amounts stated as of a specific historical date) and par values
have been adjusted to reflect this transaction.

    In May 1991,  the Class  B common  stock was issued  to the  holders of  the
Company's  formerly outstanding bank debt  in exchange for $18,620,000 principal
amount of outstanding bank debt. The  Class B stock is non-voting and  generally
is  automatically  converted  into  Class  A  common  stock  upon  its  sale  or
disposition.

    The terms  of the  Company's note  indenture and  the New  Credit  Agreement
contain   certain  covenants  which  significantly  limit  and/or  restrict  the
Company's ability to declare and pay dividends on its common stock.

    Under the  Long-Term Stock  Incentive Plan  -- 1989  (the "1989  Plan"),  as
amended,  approximately 708,200 shares of Class A common stock were reserved for
issuance from which 195,735 options were outstanding at June 30, 1994.  Exercise
prices  of options outstanding are equal to  fair market value of such shares on
the dates the options  were granted. Options granted  to executive officers  are
fully  vested and exercisable at June 30, 1994. Options issued to grantees other
than executive officers are exercisable at  the rate of 25% per year  commencing
on the date of grant and expire ten years from the date of grant.

    The  table below summarizes the activity in  the Company's 1989 Plan for the
years ended June 30, 1992, 1993 and 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1992       1993       1994
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Options outstanding at beginning of period...........................    321,816    237,754    224,325
Granted ($3.10 per share in 1992 and prices ranging from $3.73 to
 $7.00 per share in 1993)............................................      1,000     60,600     --
Exercised ($0.90 in 1992; $.70 and $.90 per share in 1993; and $.90
 to $5.26 per share in 1994).........................................    (20,150)   (56,479)   (18,390)
Canceled.............................................................    (64,912)   (17,550)   (10,200)
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
Outstanding at end of period.........................................    237,754    224,325    195,735
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
Exercisable at end of period.........................................    175,604    146,925    155,375
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    Under the Stock Incentive Performance Plan -- 1991 (the "Performance Plan"),
which was instituted in fiscal 1992, 200,000 shares of Class A common stock were
reserved for issuance at June 30, 1994.  Options for the purchase of 159,525  of
such  shares were outstanding  at June 30,  1994. The exercise  price of options
outstanding equals fair market value of such shares on the date the options were
granted. Options were issued to  certain grantees other than executive  officers
and  are exercisable at  the rate of 20%  per year commencing  one year from the
date of grant. Such options expire ten years from the date of grant.

                                      F-15
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 8. -- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PLANS (CONTINUED)
    The table below  summarizes the  activity in  the Performance  Plan for  the
years ended June 30, 1992, 1993 and 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1992       1993       1994
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Outstanding at beginning of period...................................     --        165,605    194,605
Granted (prices ranging from $5.40 to $9.70 per share in 1992; $3.15
 to $4.58 per share in 1993 and $8.50 to $16.75 per share in 1994)...    197,205    106,400     40,800
Exercised ($3.15 to $5.40 per share in 1994).........................     --         --        (20,560)
Canceled.............................................................    (31,600)   (77,400)   (55,320)
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
Outstanding at end of period.........................................    165,605    194,605    159,525
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
Exercisable at end of period.........................................     --         21,321     35,242
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                       ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    Under  the  1993 Stock  Option Plan,  which was  instituted in  fiscal 1994,
200,000 shares of Class A  common stock were reserved  for issuance at June  30,
1994. Options for the purchase of 82,939 of such shares were outstanding at June
30,  1994. The exercise price of options outstanding equals fair market value of
such shares  on  the date  the  options were  granted.  Options were  issued  to
executive   officers  and  certain  other  employees  of  the  Company  and  are
exercisable at the rate  of 25% per  year commencing one year  from the date  of
grant. Such options expire ten years from the date of grant.

    The  table below summarizes the  activity in the 1993  Stock Option Plan for
the year ended June 30, 1994:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                  1994
                                                                                                ---------
<S>                                                                                             <C>
Granted (prices ranging from $12.13 to $13.00 per share)......................................     88,500
Canceled......................................................................................     (5,561)
                                                                                                ---------
Outstanding at end of period..................................................................     82,939
                                                                                                ---------
                                                                                                ---------
Exercisable at end of period..................................................................     --
                                                                                                ---------
                                                                                                ---------
</TABLE>

    At June 30,  1994, the Company  had outstanding options  to purchase  25,000
shares  at $13.63 per share  and 40,000 shares at  $5.40 per share. Such options
were granted to non-employee  directors under the  1991 Directors' Stock  Option
Plan. The exercise price of options outstanding equals fair market value of such
shares  on the date the options were  granted and the options are exercisable at
the rate  of 20%  per year  commencing one  year from  the date  of grant.  Such
options  expire ten years  from the date of  grant. At June  30, 1994, 16,000 of
such options were exercisable.

    At June 30,  1994, the Company  had outstanding options  to purchase  20,000
shares  of Class A  common stock at  $7.50 per share.  Such options were granted
pursuant to  a termination  agreement with  a former  executive officer  of  the
Company and expire in August, 1996.

    The  Company has a  Long-Term Cash Incentive  Plan -- 1990,  as amended, for
certain executive officers  and employees  which provided  for a  cash bonus  of
approximately $2,036,000 vesting in fiscal 1994 and 1995. During fiscal 1994 the
Board  of Directors amended the plan providing for a cash bonus of approximately
$582,000 and a  stock bonus  of approximately  176,000 shares  of the  Company's
Class A Common Stock vesting in fiscal 1994 and payable in fiscal 1995. Pursuant
to  such amendment, an accrual  of $1,341,000 for shares  to be issued under the
amended plan has been credited to Additional paid-in-capital in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 1994.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 8. -- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY AND EMPLOYEE STOCK PLANS (CONTINUED)
    During fiscal 1994, the  Company adopted the  1993 Long-Term Incentive  Plan
for  certain executive officers and employees  which provides for the payment of
certain bonuses in cash  or a combination  of cash and  stock in future  periods
conditional  upon  the  attainment  of  certain  financial  goals  and continued
employment through June  30, 1996.  At June 30,  1994, the  Company had  accrued
$1,273,000 under such incentive plan.

NOTE 9. -- INCOME TAXES
    The components of the provision for income taxes follow (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                         -------------------------------
                                                                           1992       1993       1994
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                      <C>        <C>        <C>
Current: Federal.......................................................  $   2,559  $   2,567  $     193
        State..........................................................        222        391        395
Deferred: Federal......................................................     --         --          1,969
         State.........................................................        480        345        269
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
Provision for income taxes before extraordinary items..................      3,261      3,303      2,826
Extraordinary items:
  Federal and state....................................................         42      1,344      2,170
Credit resulting from utilization of net operating loss
 carryforwards.........................................................     (2,682)    (3,914)    --
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total tax provision................................................  $     621  $     733  $   4,996
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    A  reconciliation  between  the  tax provision  computed  using  the Federal
statutory rate and the total tax provision follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               YEAR ENDED JUNE 30,
                                                                         -------------------------------
                                                                           1992       1993       1994
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                                                      <C>        <C>        <C>
Federal income tax provision at statutory rate.........................  $   2,470  $   2,636  $   2,288
State income taxes, net of federal benefit.............................        515        548        438
Recognition of differences in the book and tax basis of assets.........        245        216     --
Goodwill amortization..................................................         84         85         85
Other..................................................................        (53)      (182)        15
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
Provision for income taxes before extraordinary items..................      3,261      3,303      2,826
Extraordinary items:
  Gain on restructure of debt..........................................         42      1,344      2,170
  Credit from utilization of net operating loss carryforwards..........     (2,682)    (3,914)    --
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
    Total tax provision................................................  $     621  $     733  $   4,996
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
                                                                         ---------  ---------  ---------
</TABLE>

    During the fiscal year 1994, the  Company adopted SFAS No. 109,  "Accounting
for Income Taxes". SFAS No. 109 requires a change in accounting for income taxes
to  an  asset  and  liability  approach  under  which  deferred  tax  assets and
liabilities are  determined  based  on  the  difference  between  the  financial
accounting  and tax  accounting bases  of assets  and liabilities.  Deferred tax
assets or  liabilities  at the  end  of each  period  are determined  using  the
currently enacted tax rate expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in
which  the  deferred tax  asset or  liability  is expected  to be  realized. The
Company recorded  a credit  of  $805,000 to  reflect  the cumulative  effect  of
adopting such standard.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 9. -- INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
    The tax effects of temporary differences and loss carryforwards representing
deferred  tax  assets and  liabilities  at June  30,  1994 were  as  follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS:
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>
    Operating loss carryforwards.........................................  $  13,899
    General and professional liability risks.............................      4,168
    Accrued expenses.....................................................      2,521
    Long-term liabilities................................................      2,802
    Other................................................................      2,267
                                                                           ---------
    Total deferred tax assets............................................     25,657
    Valuation allowance..................................................    (11,019)
                                                                           ---------
    Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance........................     14,638
                                                                           ---------

DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES:
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Property and depreciation............................................    (13,459)
    Long-term debt and interest..........................................     (6,075)
                                                                           ---------
    Total deferred tax liabilities.......................................    (19,534)
                                                                           ---------
    Net deferred tax liabilities.........................................  $  (4,896)
                                                                           ---------
                                                                           ---------
</TABLE>

    The net deferred tax liability is classified as follows in the  accompanying
June 30, 1994 consolidated balance sheet (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                      <C>
    Current assets.....................................................  $   4,757
    Long-term liability................................................     (9,653)
                                                                         ---------
                                                                         $  (4,896)
                                                                         ---------
                                                                         ---------
</TABLE>

    At  June 30,  1994, the Company  had tax NOL  carryforwards of approximately
$24,000,000  which  expire  in  fiscal   years  2002  through  2006.  Such   NOL
carryforwards  may be available to offset  future taxable income of the Company,
if any.

    During 1991, the Company  issued 390,298 shares of  Class B common stock  in
exchange  for $18,620,000 of bank debt.  The Company, based on consultation with
outside tax and valuation advisors,  believes that the exchange qualified  under
the  stock-for-debt exception  to the  recognition of  income from  discharge of
indebtedness, which was  available to  insolvent corporations. There  can be  no
assurance,  however, that  the Internal Revenue  Service will  not challenge the
Company's position. If any such challenge  by the Internal Revenue Service  were
sustained,  the Company's current NOL carryforwards  could be reduced by as much
as $16,000,000.

    The Internal Revenue Code (the  "Code") contains provisions which limit  the
use  of  NOL  carryforwards  following significant  changes  in  ownership  of a
corporation's stock. A  significant change  in ownership  generally occurs  when
persons  holding  5%  or more  of  the corporation's  stock  ("5% shareholders")
increase their percentage  ownership of such  stock, in the  aggregate, by  more
than  50% during any three year period. The Company believes that no significant
change in ownership has occurred that would  limit the Company's use of the  NOL
carryforwards  described above. However, use of  such NOL carryforwards could be
limited  in  the   future  as   a  result   of,  among   other  things,   future

                                      F-18
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 9. -- INCOME TAXES (CONTINUED)
purchases  of  the  Company's  stock  by  5%  shareholders  or  the  issuance of
additional stock (including the issuance of options under the Company's employee
benefit plans). The  proposed merger  with Community (Note  2), if  consummated,
would constitute a change of control under the Code.

NOTE 10. -- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

LITIGATION

    The Company is subject to claims and legal actions by patients and others in
the  ordinary course of business. The Company believes that such claims will not
have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of
operations. The Company  is self-insured against  a portion of  its general  and
professional  liability risks.  The liability  recorded for  losses incurred and
claims made is based upon individual case estimates for losses reported and upon
estimates on the basis of past experience for incurred but not reported  losses.
The  Company  has established  and funded  a trust  fund to  pay certain  of its
general and professional liability  losses. The balance of  such trust fund  was
$10,573,000  and $9,522,000  at June  30, 1993  and 1994,  respectively. Of such
amounts, $1,300,000 and $1,350,000 at June  30, 1993 and 1994, respectively,  is
classified  in the  accompanying consolidated  balance sheets  under the caption
"Other current assets" and represents the  amount of claims and loss  adjustment
expenses  expected to be paid within  the following twelve months. The remaining
balance in  such trust  fund is  classified as  "Funds held  by trustees".  Such
self-insurance  funds have been pledged as collateral for four letters of credit
issued by a commercial bank totalling $6,858,000.

OTHER CONTINGENCIES

    The Company  has employment  agreements with  two executive  officers  which
provide  for  certain payments  and benefits,  including accelerated  vesting of
unvested stock options and bonus payments, in the event of a "change in control"
of the  Company, as  defined. Change  in  control is  generally defined  as  the
acquisition  of that number of shares of the outstanding stock which would allow
such acquiring entity or a  concerted group of entities  to elect a majority  of
the  Company's Board of  Directors. The employment  agreements for two executive
officers were  approved by  the  Board of  Directors  in 1989  and  subsequently
amended in 1994. Pursuant to their terms, the agreements currently are for terms
which  expire on  September 30, 1996.  Absent notice  within designated periods,
such agreements automatically renew for  additional one year terms. The  maximum
contingent  liability  under  the agreements  is  approximately  $2,700,000. The
proposed merger  with Community  (Note 2),  if consummated,  would constitute  a
change of control under the employment agreements.

NOTE 11. -- SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO CONSOLIDATED
           STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
    The  Company  paid $9,796,000,  $10,691,000, and  $7,923,000 in  interest on
various obligations in  the fiscal years  ended June 30,  1992, 1993, and  1994,
respectively.

    The  Company paid $458,000,  $458,000, and $620,000, in  income taxes in the
fiscal years ended June 30, 1992, 1993, and 1994, respectively.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 12. -- QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           FISCAL 1994 QUARTERS ENDED
                                                                ------------------------------------------------
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30  DECEMBER 31   MARCH 31    JUNE 30
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                             <C>           <C>           <C>        <C>
Total revenues................................................   $   47,328    $   47,936   $  48,805  $  47,475
Income before income taxes, extraordinary items and cumulative
 effect of accounting change..................................        2,168         1,100       2,649        811
Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
 accounting change............................................        1,257           638       1,536        471
Extraordinary gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax
 effect of $2,170.............................................       --            19,784      --         --
Cumulative effect of accounting change........................          805        --          --         --
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
    Net income................................................   $    2,062    $   20,422   $   1,536  $     471
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
Net income per common and common equivalent share (1)
Income before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of
 accounting change............................................  $      0.34   $      0.17   $    0.42  $    0.13
Extraordinary gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax
 effect.......................................................      --               5.26      --         --
Cumulative effect of accounting change........................         0.21       --           --         --
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
    Net income per common and common equivalent share.........  $      0.55   $      5.43   $    0.42  $    0.13
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
Weighted average common and common equivalent shares
 outstanding..................................................        3,728         3,760       3,676      3,684
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  The sum of per share amounts does not equal the annual per share amount due
     to quarterly fluctuations in weighted average common and common  equivalent
     shares outstanding.
</TABLE>

    During  the quarters ended September 30,  1993, December 31, 1993, March 31,
1994, and June 30,  1994, the Company recognized  credits of $65,000,  $347,000,
$549,000,  and $1,347,000, respectively, from reductions to contractual reserves
primarily as a  result of estimate  changes and favorable  settlements of  prior
year cost reports with program intermediaries. Such amounts are reflected in the
accompanying  consolidated statements  of income  as adjustments  to net patient
service revenues.

                                      F-20
<PAGE>
                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                    FOR THE THREE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 1994

NOTE 12. -- QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (CONTINUED)
    During the third quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company recognized a credit  of
$1,323,000  due  to  a  reduction  in  the  Company's  general  and professional
liability reserves based on updated estimates of the Company's expected  general
and professional liability losses.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           FISCAL 1993 QUARTERS ENDED
                                                                ------------------------------------------------
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30  DECEMBER 31   MARCH 31    JUNE 30
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                             <C>           <C>           <C>        <C>
Total revenues................................................   $   41,581    $   43,572   $  47,216  $  46,868
Income before income taxes and extraordinary
 items........................................................          544         1,159       3,826      2,224
Income before extraordinary items.............................          211           573       2,341      1,325
Extraordinary items:
  Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect of
   $253, $549 and $542, respectively..........................       --               490       1,066        461
  Credit resulting from utilization of net operating loss
   carryforward...............................................          243           646       1,826      1,199
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
    Net income................................................   $      454    $    1,709   $   5,233  $   2,985
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
Net income per common and common equivalent share (1)
Income before extraordinary items.............................  $       .07   $       .17   $     .70  $     .38
Extraordinary items:
  Gain on restructure of debt, net of income tax effect.......      --                .15         .32        .13
  Credit resulting from utilization of net operating loss
   carryforward...............................................          .07           .19         .54        .35
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
    Net income per common and common equivalent share.........  $       .14   $       .51   $    1.56  $     .86
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
Weighted average common and common equivalent shares
 outstanding..................................................        3,343         3,346       3,350      3,453
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
                                                                ------------  ------------  ---------  ---------
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  The sum of per share amounts does not equal the annual per share amount due
     to  quarterly fluctuations in weighted average common and common equivalent
     shares outstanding.
</TABLE>

    During the quarters ended September 30,  1992, December 31, 1992, March  31,
1993,  and June 30, 1993, the  Company recognized credits (charges) of $458,000,
$499,000, $1,135,000, and ($13,000), respectively, from reductions to (increases
in) contractual reserves primarily as a result of estimate changes and favorable
settlements of prior year cost reports with program intermediaries. Such amounts
are  reflected  in  the  accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  income   as
adjustments to net patient service revenues.

    During  the third quarter of fiscal 1993, the Company recognized a credit of
$1,266,000 due  to  a  reduction  in  the  Company's  general  and  professional
liability  reserves based on updated estimates of the Company's expected general
and professional liability losses.

                                      F-21
<PAGE>
                                                                      SCHEDULE V

                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                         PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                         JUNE 30, 1992, 1993, AND 1994
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      BALANCE                                             BALANCE
                                                     JUNE 30,     ADDITIONS                   OTHER      JUNE 30,
                                                       1991        AT COST    RETIREMENTS  CHANGES(1)      1992
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Land and improvements.............................  $     7,828   $      24    $      15    $      85   $     7,922
Buildings and improvements........................      104,135         894          171          288       105,146
Equipment.........................................       51,078       4,648          426          166        55,466
Construction in progress..........................          568       1,763       --             (539)        1,792
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                    $   163,609   $   7,329    $     612    $  --       $   170,326
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      BALANCE                                             BALANCE
                                                     JUNE 30,     ADDITIONS                   OTHER      JUNE 30,
                                                       1992        AT COST    RETIREMENTS  CHANGES(1)      1993
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Land and improvements.............................  $     7,922   $      21    $     666    $  --       $     7,277
Buildings and improvements........................      105,146         515        8,460        1,686        98,887
Equipment.........................................       55,466       2,561        5,434          703        53,296
Construction in progress..........................        1,792       3,314          490       (2,389)        2,227
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                    $   170,326   $   6,411    $  15,050    $  --       $   161,687
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      BALANCE                                             BALANCE
                                                     JUNE 30,     ADDITIONS                   OTHER      JUNE 30,
                                                       1993        AT COST    RETIREMENTS  CHANGES(1)      1994
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Land and improvements.............................  $     7,277   $     231    $  --        $      47   $     7,555
Buildings and improvements........................       98,887         380            2        2,533       101,798
Equipment.........................................       53,296       2,538          152          520        56,202
Construction in progress..........................        2,227       1,560       --           (3,100)          687
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                    $   161,687   $   4,709    $     154    $  --       $   166,242
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
                                                    -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
<FN>
- - ------------------------
(1)  Other  changes represent transfers during  the year between construction in
     progress and other property, plant and equipment categories.
</TABLE>

                                      S-1
<PAGE>
                                                                     SCHEDULE VI

                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
            ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION, AND AMORTIZATION OF
                         PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                         JUNE 30, 1992, 1993, AND 1994
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     ADDITIONS
                                                          BALANCE   CHARGED TO                              BALANCE
                                                         JUNE 30,    COSTS AND                   OTHER     JUNE 30,
                                                           1991      EXPENSES    RETIREMENTS    CHANGES      1992
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Land improvements......................................  $   1,009   $     212    $  --        $  --       $   1,221
Buildings and improvements.............................     24,549       3,375          118           (8)     27,798
Equipment..............................................     20,403       5,429          253            8      25,587
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
                                                         $  45,961   $   9,016    $     371    $  --       $  54,606
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     ADDITIONS
                                                          BALANCE   CHARGED TO                              BALANCE
                                                         JUNE 30,    COSTS AND                   OTHER     JUNE 30,
                                                           1992      EXPENSES    RETIREMENTS    CHANGES      1993
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Land improvements......................................  $   1,221   $     302    $     140    $  --       $   1,383
Buildings and improvements.............................     27,798       3,131        6,692       --          24,237
Equipment..............................................     25,587       5,053        2,808       --          27,832
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
                                                         $  54,606   $   8,486    $   9,640    $  --       $  53,452
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     ADDITIONS
                                                          BALANCE   CHARGED TO                              BALANCE
                                                         JUNE 30,    COSTS AND                   OTHER     JUNE 30,
                                                           1993      EXPENSES    RETIREMENTS    CHANGES      1994
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
<S>                                                      <C>        <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Land improvements......................................  $   1,383   $     264    $  --        $  --       $   1,647
Buildings and improvements.............................     24,237       2,768            8       --          26,997
Equipment..............................................     27,832       5,821           75       --          33,578
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
                                                         $  53,452   $   8,853    $      83    $  --       $  62,222
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
                                                         ---------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ---------
</TABLE>

                                      S-2
<PAGE>
                                                                   SCHEDULE VIII

                        HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                         JUNE 30, 1992, 1993, AND 1994
                             (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              ADDITIONS
                                                   BALANCE   CHARGED TO     DEDUCTIONS                    BALANCE
                                                  JUNE 30,    COSTS AND     CHARGED TO     DEDUCTIONS    JUNE 30,
                                                    1991      EXPENSES    OTHER ACCOUNTS       (1)         1992
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts.................  $   4,495   $  11,775    $    --          $  12,163    $   4,107
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              ADDITIONS
                                                   BALANCE   CHARGED TO     DEDUCTIONS                    BALANCE
                                                  JUNE 30,    COSTS AND     CHARGED TO     DEDUCTIONS    JUNE 30,
                                                    1992      EXPENSES    OTHER ACCOUNTS       (1)         1993
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts.................  $   4,107   $  10,796    $    --          $  10,768    $   4,135
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              ADDITIONS
                                                   BALANCE   CHARGED TO     DEDUCTIONS                    BALANCE
                                                  JUNE 30,    COSTS AND     CHARGED TO     DEDUCTIONS    JUNE 30,
                                                    1993      EXPENSES    OTHER ACCOUNTS       (1)         1994
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>            <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts.................  $   4,135   $  12,713    $    --          $  12,765    $   4,083
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
                                                  ---------  -----------  --------------  -------------  ---------
<FN>
- - ------------------------

(1)  To write off uncollectible amounts.
</TABLE>

                                      S-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                   APPENDIX A
                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

    AMENDED  AND RESTATED AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement"), dated
as of June 10,  1994, by and  among COMMUNITY HEALTH  SYSTEMS, INC., a  Delaware
corporation  ("CHS"), COMMUNITY ACQUISITION CORP.,  a Delaware corporation and a
wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  CHS   ("Merger  Sub"),  and  HALLMARK   HEALTHCARE
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Hallmark").

                                    RECITALS

    A.   CHS, Merger Sub and Hallmark  are parties to that certain Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as  of June 10, 1994, and  desire to amend such  Agreement
and Plan of Merger, and to restate such agreement in its entirety as amended.

    B.   The Boards of Directors of CHS and Hallmark each have determined that a
business combination between CHS and Hallmark is in the best interests of  their
respective  companies and stockholders  and, accordingly, have  agreed to effect
the merger provided for herein upon the terms and subject to the conditions  set
forth herein.

    C.  For federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the merger provided
for  herein shall qualify as a reorganization  within the meaning of Section 368
of the  Internal  Revenue  Code of  1986,  as  amended (the  "Code"),  and,  for
financial  accounting  purposes,  shall  be  accounted  for  as  a  "pooling  of
interests."

    D.  CHS and  Hallmark have each  received a fairness  opinion as more  fully
described herein.

    E.   CHS,  Merger Sub and  Hallmark desire to  make certain representations,
warranties and agreements in connection with the merger.

    NOW  THEREFORE,   in   consideration   of  the   foregoing,   and   of   the
representations,  warranties,  covenants  and agreements  contained  herein, the
parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

                                   ARTICLE 1

    1.  THE MERGER.

    1.1.  THE MERGER.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at
the Effective Time (as  defined in Section 1.3),  Hallmark shall be merged  with
and  into Merger Sub  (the "Merger") in  accordance with this  Agreement and the
separate corporate existence of Hallmark shall thereupon cease. Merger Sub shall
be the surviving corporation in the Merger (sometimes hereinafter referred to as
the "Surviving Corporation"). The Merger shall have the effects specified in the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL").

    1.2.  THE CLOSING.  Subject to  the terms and conditions of this  Agreement,
the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") shall take place (a) at the offices of
McGlinchey  Stafford Lang, A Law Corporation,  643 Magazine Street, New Orleans,
Louisiana, at 10:00  a.m., local  time, on  the first  business day  immediately
following  the day on which the last to be fulfilled or waived of the conditions
set forth in Article 8  shall be fulfilled or  waived in accordance herewith  or
(b) at such other time, date or place as CHS and Hallmark may agree. The date on
which the Closing occurs is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date."

    1.3.   EFFECTIVE  TIME.  If  all the conditions  to the Merger  set forth in
Article 8 shall have  been fulfilled or waived  in accordance herewith and  this
Agreement  shall not have been terminated as  provided in Article 9, the parties
hereto shall cause a Certificate of  Merger meeting the requirements of  Section
251  of  the DGCL  to be  properly executed  and filed  in accordance  with such
Section on the

                                      A-1
<PAGE>
Closing Date. The Merger  shall become effective  at the time  of filing of  the
Certificate  of Merger with the  Secretary of State of  the State of Delaware in
accordance with the DGCL or  at such later time  which the parties hereto  shall
have  agreed upon  and designated in  such filing  as the effective  time of the
Merger (the "Effective Time").

                                   ARTICLE 2

    2.  CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION.

    2.1.  CERTIFICATE  OF INCORPORATION.   The Certificate  of Incorporation  of
Merger  Sub  in effect  immediately prior  to  the Effective  Time shall  be the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until duly amended in
accordance with applicable law.

    2.2.  BYLAWS.  The Bylaws of  Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to  the
Effective  Time shall  be the  Bylaws of  the Surviving  Corporation, until duly
amended in accordance with applicable law.

                                   ARTICLE 3

    3.  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE SURVIVING CORPORATION.

    3.1.   DIRECTORS.   The directors  of Merger  Sub immediately  prior to  the
Effective  Time shall be  the directors of  the Surviving Corporation  as of the
Effective Time.

    3.2.   OFFICERS.   The  officers  of Merger  Sub  immediately prior  to  the
Effective  Time shall  be the  officers of the  Surviving Corporation  as of the
Effective Time.

                                   ARTICLE 4

    4.  CONVERSION OF HALLMARK STOCK.

    4.1.  CONVERSION OF HALLMARK STOCK.

    (a) At the Effective Time, each share  of the Common Stock, $.01 par  value,
of  Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior  to the Effective Time shall remain
outstanding and shall represent  one share of Common  Stock, $.01 par value,  of
the Surviving Corporation.

    (b)  At the  Effective Time, each  share of  Class A Common  Stock, $.05 par
value, of Hallmark and each  share of Class B Common  Stock, $.05 par value,  of
Hallmark   (collectively,  "Hallmark  Common  Stock"),  issued  and  outstanding
immediately prior  to the  Effective Time  shall, by  virtue of  the Merger  and
without  any action  on the part  of the  holder thereof, be  converted into the
right to  receive  .97 shares  of  Common Stock,  $.01  par value  ("CHS  Common
Stock"), of CHS (the "Exchange Ratio").

    (c)  At  the  Effective Time,  each  share of  25%  Participating Cumulative
Convertible Redeemable  Preferred Stock,  $5  par value  ("Redeemable  Preferred
Stock"),  of Hallmark issued and outstanding  immediately prior to the Effective
Time (other than those  with respect to which  the holder thereof has  perfected
appraisal  rights under  the DGCL  and has  not subsequently  lost, withdrawn or
forfeited such rights) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action  on
the  part of  the holder  thereof, be  converted into  the right  to receive 5.4
shares of CHS Common Stock (the "Preferred Exchange Ratio").

    (d) As a  result of the  Merger and without  any action on  the part of  the
holder thereof, all shares of Hallmark Common Stock and all shares of Redeemable
Preferred  Stock shall cease to be outstanding and shall be canceled and retired
and shall cease  to exist, and  each holder of  a certificate (a  "Certificate")
representing  any shares  of Hallmark Common  Stock or any  shares of Redeemable
Preferred Stock shall thereafter cease to  have any rights with respect to  such
shares  of Hallmark Common Stock or Redeemable Preferred Stock, except the right
to receive,  without interest,  the CHS  Common Stock  and cash  for  fractional
shares of CHS Common Stock in accordance with Sections 4.1(b), 4.1(c) and 4.2(e)
upon the surrender of such Certificate.

                                      A-2
<PAGE>
    (e)  Each  share of  Hallmark Common  Stock  and Redeemable  Preferred Stock
issued and held in Hallmark's treasury at the Effective Time shall, by virtue of
the Merger, cease to  be outstanding and shall  be canceled and retired  without
payment of any consideration therefor.

    (f)  All options  (individually, a  "Hallmark Option"  and collectively, the
"Hallmark Options") outstanding  immediately prior to  the Effective Time  under
Hallmark's 1993 Stock Option Plan, Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan -- 1989, Stock
Incentive  Performance Plan  -- 1991 and  1991 Directors' Stock  Option Plan, as
amended (collectively, the "Hallmark Stock Option Plans"), and options set forth
in the  Hallmark  Disclosure  Letter  shall  remain  outstanding  following  the
Effective Time. At the Effective Time, such Hallmark Options shall, by virtue of
the  Merger and without any further action on the part of Hallmark or the holder
of any such Hallmark Options, be assumed by CHS in such manner that CHS (i) is a
corporation "assuming a stock  option in a transaction  to which Section  424(a)
applied" within the meaning of Section 424 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the "Code"), or (ii) to the extent that Section 424 of the Code does
not apply to any such Hallmark Options, would be such a corporation were Section
424  applicable to  such option.  Each Hallmark Option  assumed by  CHS shall be
exercisable upon the same terms and conditions as under the applicable  Hallmark
Stock  Option Plan and the applicable option agreement issued thereunder, except
that (i) each such Hallmark Option shall be exercisable for that whole number of
shares of CHS Common Stock (to the nearest whole share) into which the number of
shares of  Hallmark Common  Stock subject  to such  Hallmark Option  immediately
prior  to the Effective Time would be converted under this Section 4.1, and (ii)
the option price per share of CHS Common  Stock shall be an amount equal to  the
option  price per share of Hallmark Common Stock subject to such Hallmark Option
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by the Exchange  Ratio
(the  price per share, as so determined,  being rounded down to the nearest full
cent). Within ten days after the Closing  Date, CHS shall notify each holder  of
an  option  under the  Hallmark Stock  Option  Plans of  the assumption  of such
options by CHS  and the revisions  to the options  effected thereby. No  payment
shall  be  made  for fractional  interests.  From  and after  the  date  of this
Agreement,  no  additional  options  shall   be  granted  by  Hallmark  or   its
Subsidiaries under the Hallmark Stock Option Plans or otherwise.

    4.2.  EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING HALLMARK COMMON STOCK
        AND REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK.

    (a)  As  of the  Effective Time,  CHS shall  deposit, or  shall cause  to be
deposited, with CHS's Transfer Agent, as exchange agent (the "Exchange  Agent"),
for the benefit of the holders of shares of Hallmark Common Stock and Redeemable
Preferred  Stock, for exchange  in accordance with  this Article 4, certificates
representing the  shares of  CHS Common  Stock and  cash in  lieu of  fractional
shares  (such  cash  and  certificates  for shares  of  CHS  Common  Stock being
hereinafter referred to as the "Exchange Fund") to be issued pursuant to Section
4.1 and paid pursuant to this Section 4.2 in exchange for outstanding shares  of
Hallmark Common Stock and Redeemable Preferred Stock.

    (b) Promptly after the Effective Time, CHS shall cause the Exchange Agent to
mail to each holder of record of a Certificate or Certificates (other than those
representing Redeemable Preferred Stock with respect to which the holder thereof
has  perfected appraisal  rights under the  DGCL and has  not subsequently lost,
withdrawn or forfeited  such rights)  (i) a  letter of  transmittal which  shall
specify  that delivery  shall be  effected, and  risk of  loss and  title to the
Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the  Exchange
Agent  and shall  be in  such form  and have  such other  provisions as  CHS may
reasonably specify and (ii) instructions for  use in effecting the surrender  of
the  Certificates in exchange for certificates representing shares of CHS Common
Stock and cash in lieu of fractional shares. Upon surrender of a Certificate for
cancellation to the  Exchange Agent  together with such  letter of  transmittal,
duly  executed and  completed in accordance  with the  instructions thereto, the
holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (x)
a certificate representing that number of  whole shares of CHS Common Stock  and
(y)  a check representing  the amount of  cash in lieu  of fractional shares, if
any, which such holder has  the right to receive  in respect of the  Certificate
surrendered pursuant to Section 4.1(b) or Section 4.1(c), after giving effect to
any required withholding tax, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith
be canceled. No interest will be

                                      A-3
<PAGE>
paid  or accrued on the value of any CHS Common Stock or cash payable to holders
of Certificates. In  the event  of a transfer  of ownership  of Hallmark  Common
Stock  or Redeemable  Preferred Stock  which is  not registered  in the transfer
records of Hallmark, a certificate representing  the proper number of shares  of
CHS  Common Stock,  together with a  check for  the cash to  be paid  in lieu of
fractional shares,  may  be issued  to  such  a transferee  if  the  Certificate
representing  such  Hallmark  Common  Stock  or  Redeemable  Preferred  Stock is
presented to  the  Exchange Agent,  accompanied  by all  documents  required  to
evidence  and effect  such transfer  and to  evidence that  any applicable stock
transfer taxes have been paid.

    (c) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, no dividends  on
CHS  Common Stock shall  be paid with  respect to any  shares of Hallmark Common
Stock or  Redeemable Preferred  Stock represented  by a  Certificate until  such
Certificate  is  surrendered for  exchange as  provided  herein. Subject  to the
effect of applicable laws,  following surrender of  any such Certificate,  there
shall be paid to the holder of the certificates representing whole shares of CHS
Common  Stock issued in exchange therefor, without  interest, (i) at the time of
such surrender, the  amount of dividends  or other distributions  with a  record
date  after the  Effective Time theretofore  payable with respect  to such whole
shares of CHS  Common Stock and  not paid,  less the amount  of any  withholding
taxes  which may be required thereon, and  (ii) at the appropriate payment date,
the amount of  dividends or  other distributions with  a record  date after  the
Effective Time but prior to surrender and a payment date subsequent to surrender
payable  with respect to such whole shares  of CHS Common Stock, less the amount
of any withholding taxes which may be required thereon.

    (d) At or after the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock
transfer books of Hallmark of the shares of Hallmark Common Stock or  Redeemable
Preferred  Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time.
If, after  the  Effective Time,  Certificates  are presented  to  the  Surviving
Corporation, they shall be canceled and exchanged for certificates for shares of
CHS  Common Stock and cash in lieu  of fractional shares, if any, deliverable in
respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the procedures set
forth in this  Article 4. Certificates  surrendered for exchange  by any  person
constituting  an "affiliate" of  Hallmark for purposes of  Rule 145(c) under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities  Act") shall not be exchanged until  CHS
has received a written agreement from such person as provided in Section 7.10.

    (e)  No  fractional shares  of  CHS Common  Stock  shall be  issued pursuant
hereto. In lieu  of the issuance  of any  fractional share of  CHS Common  Stock
pursuant  to Section 4.1(b) or Section 4.1(c),  cash adjustments will be paid to
holders in  respect of  any fractional  share  of CHS  Common Stock  that  would
otherwise  be issuable, and the amount of such cash adjustment shall be equal to
such fractional  proportion of  the "Average  Price" of  a share  of CHS  Common
Stock.  The "Average Price" of a share of  CHS Common Stock shall be the average
of the  closing sales  prices thereof  as reported  on The  NASDAQ Stock  Market
("NASDAQ")  or on such other principal exchange on which the CHS Common Stock is
listed (as reported by The Wall Street  Journal or, if not reported thereby,  by
another  authoritative source) over the  ten business days immediately preceding
the Closing Date.

    (f) Any  portion  of  the  Exchange Fund  (including  the  proceeds  of  any
investments  thereof and any shares of  CHS Common Stock) that remains unclaimed
by the former stockholders of Hallmark  one year after the Effective Time  shall
be  delivered to the Surviving Corporation.  Any former stockholders of Hallmark
who have not theretofore complied with this Article 4 shall thereafter look only
to the Surviving  Corporation for  payment in respect  of their  shares, in  any
event without any interest thereon.

    (g)  None of CHS, Hallmark, the Exchange  Agent or any other person shall be
liable to any  former holder of  shares of Hallmark  Common Stock or  Redeemable
Preferred  Stock for any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant
to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

    (h) In the event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or  destroyed,
upon  the  making of  an  affidavit of  that fact  by  the person  claiming such
Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if

                                      A-4
<PAGE>
required by the Surviving Corporation, the posting  by such person of a bond  in
such  reasonable amount  as the  Surviving Corporation  may direct  as indemnity
against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such  Certificate,
the  Exchange Agent will  issue in exchange  for such lost,  stolen or destroyed
Certificate the  shares of  CHS Common  Stock  and cash  in lieu  of  fractional
shares,  and unpaid dividends and distributions on shares of CHS Common Stock as
provided in  Section 4.2(c),  deliverable in  respect thereof  pursuant to  this
Agreement.

    4.3.   ADJUSTMENT OF EXCHANGE  RATIO.  In the  event that, subsequent to the
date of this Agreement but prior to the Effective Time, Hallmark or CHS  changes
the number of shares of Hallmark Common Stock, Redeemable Preferred Stock or CHS
Common Stock, respectively, issued and outstanding as a result of a stock split,
reverse   stock  split,  stock  dividend,   recapitalization  or  other  similar
transaction, the Exchange Ratio or the Preferred Exchange Ratio, as the case may
be, shall be appropriately adjusted.

                                   ARTICLE 5

    5.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF HALLMARK.  Except as set forth in  the
disclosure  letter delivered  at or  prior to the  execution hereof  to CHS (the
"Hallmark Disclosure Letter"), Hallmark represents and warrants to CHS as of the
date of this Agreement as follows:

    5.1.    EXISTENCE;  GOOD  STANDING;  CORPORATE  AUTHORITY;  COMPLIANCE  WITH
LAW.   Hallmark is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of its  jurisdiction of incorporation. Hallmark is  duly
licensed  or qualified to  do business as  a foreign corporation  and is in good
standing under the laws  of any other  state of the United  States in which  the
character  of  the properties  owned or  leased by  it therein  or in  which the
transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except where the
failure to be  so qualified  would not  have a  material adverse  effect on  the
business,  results  of operations  or financial  condition  of Hallmark  and its
Subsidiaries (as  defined  in Section  10.14)  taken  as a  whole  (a  "Hallmark
Material  Adverse  Effect").  Hallmark  has all  requisite  corporate  power and
authority to own, operate and lease its properties and carry on its business  as
now  conducted.  Each  of  Hallmark's Significant  Subsidiaries  (as  defined in
Section 10.14 hereof) is  a corporation or  partnership duly organized,  validly
existing   and  in  good  standing  under   the  laws  of  its  jurisdiction  of
incorporation or  organization,  has  the corporate  or  partnership  power  and
authority  to own its properties and to carry on its business as it is now being
conducted, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in  each
jurisdiction  in  which the  ownership of  its  property or  the conduct  of its
business requires such  qualification, except  for jurisdictions  in which  such
failure  to be so qualified or to be  in good standing would not have a Hallmark
Material Adverse Effect.  Neither Hallmark  nor any  of its  Subsidiaries is  in
violation of any order of any court, governmental authority or arbitration board
or  tribunal, or  any law, ordinance,  governmental rule or  regulation to which
Hallmark or any  Hallmark Subsidiary or  any of their  respective properties  or
assets  is subject, where such violation  would have a Hallmark Material Adverse
Effect. Hallmark and its  Subsidiaries have obtained  all licenses, permits  and
other  authorizations and  have taken all  action required by  applicable law or
governmental regulations in  connection with  their business  as now  conducted,
where  the failure to obtain any such item or to take any such action would have
a Hallmark  Material Adverse  Effect. The  copies of  Hallmark's Certificate  of
Incorporation and Bylaws previously delivered to CHS are true and correct.

    5.2.   AUTHORIZATION, VALIDITY  AND EFFECT OF AGREEMENTS.   Hallmark has the
requisite corporate power and  authority to execute  and deliver this  Agreement
and  all  agreements  and documents  contemplated  hereby. Subject  only  to the
approval of  this Agreement  and  the transactions  contemplated hereby  by  the
holders  of a  majority of  the combined  voting power  of the  then outstanding
shares of Hallmark Common Stock  and Redeemable Preferred Stock voting  together
as  a  single class  (the "Requisite  Hallmark  Approval"), the  consummation by
Hallmark of the transactions contemplated hereby has been duly authorized by all
requisite corporate action. Subject to obtaining the

                                      A-5
<PAGE>
Requisite Hallmark Approval, this Agreement constitutes, and all agreements  and
documents contemplated hereby (when executed and delivered pursuant hereto) will
constitute, the valid and legally binding obligations of Hallmark, to the extent
it  is a party  thereto, enforceable in accordance  with their respective terms,
subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,  moratorium or other similar  laws
relating to creditors' rights and general principles of equity.

    5.3.   CAPITALIZATION.  The authorized capital stock of Hallmark consists of
25,000,000 shares of Hallmark Common Stock, which may be issued and  outstanding
as  either Class A Common Stock or Class  B Common Stock and 2,500,000 shares of
Preferred Stock,  of which  60,000  shares have  been designated  as  Redeemable
Preferred  Stock and 2,440,000 shares of Preferred Stock are authorized having a
par value of $1.00 per share. As of June 10, 1994 there were 2,982,178 shares of
Class A Common  Stock issued and  outstanding, 64,102 shares  of Class B  Common
Stock  issued and outstanding,  and 32,966 shares  of Redeemable Preferred Stock
issued and outstanding. Since such date,  no additional shares of capital  stock
of  Hallmark have been  issued, except (i) upon  exercise of options outstanding
pursuant to the  Hallmark Stock Option  Plans, (ii) upon  conversion of Class  B
Common  Stock into Class A Common Stock  and (iii) upon conversion of Redeemable
Preferred Stock into Class  A Common Stock. Hallmark  has no outstanding  bonds,
debentures,  notes or other obligations  the holders of which  have the right to
vote (or which  are convertible into  or exercisable for  securities having  the
right to vote) with the stockholders of Hallmark on any matters. All such issued
and  outstanding shares of Hallmark Common  Stock and Redeemable Preferred Stock
are duly  authorized, validly  issued,  fully paid,  nonassessable and  free  of
preemptive  rights. Other than as contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth
above, and except for the issuance by Hallmark prior to the Effective Time of up
to 176,000  shares of  Hallmark Common  Stock  pursuant to  the Long  Term  Cash
Incentive  Plan-1990, there are not  at the date of  this Agreement any existing
options,  warrants,  calls,  subscriptions,  convertible  securities,  or  other
rights,  agreements  or  commitments  which  obligate  Hallmark  or  any  of its
Subsidiaries to issue, transfer or sell any shares of capital stock of  Hallmark
or  any of its Subsidiaries. After the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation
will have no obligation to issue, transfer  or sell any shares of capital  stock
of  Hallmark or the Surviving Corporation  pursuant to any Hallmark Benefit Plan
(as defined in Section 5.11).

    5.4.  SUBSIDIARIES.  Each of the outstanding shares of capital stock of each
of Hallmark's Subsidiaries is  duly authorized, validly  issued, fully paid  and
nonassessable,  and is owned, directly or indirectly, by Hallmark free and clear
of all liens, pledges,  security interests, claims  or other encumbrances  other
than  liens imposed by local law which are not material. The Hallmark Disclosure
Letter includes the following information  for each Subsidiary of Hallmark:  (i)
its  name and jurisdiction of incorporation or organization; (ii) its authorized
capital stock  or share  capital; (iii)  the number  of issued  and  outstanding
shares  of capital stock or share capital; and (iv) the number of shares of such
capital stock owned by Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries.

    5.5.  OTHER INTERESTS.  Except  for interests in the Hallmark  Subsidiaries,
neither  Hallmark nor  any Hallmark Subsidiary  owns directly  or indirectly any
interest or investment (whether equity or debt) in any corporation, partnership,
joint venture, business, trust or  entity (other than investments in  short-term
investment securities).

    5.6.   NO VIOLATION.  Neither the execution and delivery by Hallmark of this
Agreement nor  the consummation  by Hallmark  of the  transactions  contemplated
hereby  in accordance with the terms hereof, will (i) conflict with or result in
a breach of  any provisions  of the Certificate  of Incorporation  or Bylaws  of
Hallmark;  (ii)  except as  disclosed  in the  Hallmark  Reports (as  defined in
Section 5.7)  result in  a  breach or  violation of,  a  default under,  or  the
triggering  of  any  payment  or  other  material  obligations  pursuant  to, or
accelerate vesting under, any  of its existing Hallmark  Stock Option Plans,  or
any  grant  or award  made under  any  of the  foregoing other  than accelerated
vesting of  outstanding options  under stock  option agreements  and  employment
agreements,  in existence on the date hereof, with certain employees of Hallmark
by reason  of, in  whole  or in  part, the  consummation  of the  Merger,  (iii)
violate,  or  conflict with,  or  result in  a breach  of  any provision  of, or
constitute a default (or an event which,  with notice or lapse of time or  both,
would constitute a default) under, or result in the

                                      A-6
<PAGE>
termination  or in a right of termination  or cancellation of, or accelerate the
performance required  by,  or result  in  the  creation of  any  lien,  security
interest,  charge or encumbrance upon any of the material properties of Hallmark
or its  Subsidiaries under,  or  result in  being  declared void,  voidable,  or
without  further binding effect,  any of the terms,  conditions or provisions of
any note, bond,  mortgage, indenture,  deed of  trust or  any material  license,
franchise, permit, lease, contract, agreement or other instrument, commitment or
obligation  to which Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or by which
Hallmark or any  of its  Subsidiaries or  any of  their properties  is bound  or
affected,  except  for any  of  the foregoing  matters  which would  not  have a
Hallmark Material Adverse Effect; or (iv) other than the filings provided for in
Article 1, certain federal, state and local regulatory filings, filings required
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the "HSR  Act"),
the  Securities  Exchange Act  of  1934, as  amended  (the "Exchange  Act"), the
Securities Act or applicable state securities and "Blue Sky" laws or filings  in
connection  with  the  maintenance  of qualification  to  do  business  in other
jurisdictions (collectively,  the "Regulatory  Filings"), require  any  material
consent,  approval or authorization  of, or declaration,  filing or registration
with, any domestic governmental or  regulatory authority, the failure to  obtain
or make which would have a Hallmark Material Adverse Effect.

    5.7.    SEC DOCUMENTS.    Hallmark has  delivered  to CHS  each registration
statement, report, proxy statement or information statement prepared by it since
December 31, 1991, including, without limitation, (i) its Annual Report on  Form
10-K  for the year ended June 30, 1993,  (ii) its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
for the periods ended September  30 and December 31,  1993, and March 31,  1994,
and  (iii)  its Proxy  Statement  for the  Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders held
November 23,  1993, each  in the  form (including  exhibits and  any  amendments
thereto)   filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the  "SEC")
(collectively, the  "Hallmark  Reports").  As of  their  respective  dates,  the
Hallmark  Reports (i) were prepared in  all material respects in accordance with
the applicable requirements  of the Securities  Act, the Exchange  Act, and  the
rules  and regulations thereunder and (ii)  did not contain any untrue statement
of a  material fact  or omit  to state  a material  fact required  to be  stated
therein  or necessary to make  the statements made therein,  in the light of the
circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  not  misleading.  Each  of   the
consolidated balance sheets of Hallmark included in or incorporated by reference
into  the Hallmark  Reports (including the  related notes  and schedules) fairly
presents the  consolidated  financial  position of  Hallmark  and  the  Hallmark
Subsidiaries  as of its date and each  of the consolidated statements of income,
shareholders' equity and cash flows of  Hallmark included in or incorporated  by
reference  into the Hallmark Reports (including any related notes and schedules)
fairly presents the results of  operations, shareholders' equity or cash  flows,
as  the case may be, of Hallmark  and the Hallmark Subsidiaries, for the periods
set forth therein (subject, in the  case of unaudited statements, to  exceptions
to  generally  accepted accounting  principles as  permitted  by SEC  rules with
respect to unaudited quarterly financial statements) in each case in  accordance
with  generally accepted  accounting principles consistently  applied during the
periods involved, except as may  be noted therein. Except  as and to the  extent
set  forth  on  the consolidated  balance  sheet  of Hallmark  and  the Hallmark
Subsidiaries at March 31, 1994, including all notes thereto, or as set forth  in
the  Hallmark Reports, neither Hallmark nor any of the Hallmark Subsidiaries has
any  material  liabilities  or  obligations  of  any  nature  (whether  accrued,
absolute, contingent or otherwise) that would be required to be reflected on, or
reserved  against  in, a  balance sheet  of  Hallmark or  in the  notes thereto,
prepared  in   accordance   with  generally   accepted   accounting   principles
consistently  applied,  except liabilities  arising  in the  ordinary  course of
business since such date.

    5.8.  LITIGATION.   Except as disclosed in  the Hallmark Reports filed  with
the  SEC  prior  to  the  date hereof,  there  are  no  claims,  actions, suits,
proceedings, arbitrations  or investigations  pending  against Hallmark  or  the
Hallmark  Subsidiaries or, to the actual  knowledge of the executive officers of
Hallmark, threatened against Hallmark or the Hallmark Subsidiaries, at law or in
equity, or before or by any  federal or state commission, board, bureau,  agency
or  instrumentality,  that are  reasonably likely  to  have a  Hallmark Material
Adverse Effect, nor does any executive officer of Hallmark have actual knowledge
of any facts  or circumstances  that such  executive officer  believes would  be
likely  to  form the  basis for  any such  claims, actions,  suits, proceedings,
arbitrations or investigations.

                                      A-7
<PAGE>
    5.9.   ABSENCE OF  CERTAIN CHANGES.   Except  as disclosed  in the  Hallmark
Reports  filed  with the  SEC prior  to the  date hereof,  since June  30, 1993,
Hallmark has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of such business
and there  has not  been (i)  any  Hallmark Material  Adverse Effect;  (ii)  any
declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend or other distribution with
respect  to its capital  stock; or (iii)  any material change  in its accounting
principles, practices or methods.

    5.10.  TAXES.  Hallmark and each  of its Subsidiaries (i) have timely  filed
all  material federal, state and foreign tax returns required to be filed by any
of them prior to the date of this Agreement or requests for extension have  been
timely  filed and any such  request shall have been  granted and not expired and
all such  returns are  complete in  all  material respects,  (ii) have  paid  or
accrued  all taxes shown to  be due and payable on  such returns, and (iii) have
properly accrued  all such  taxes for  such periods  subsequent to  the  periods
covered  by such returns, and  (iv) have not had  any federal income tax returns
audited by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS").

    5.11.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  All employee benefit plans and other benefit
arrangements covering employees of Hallmark  and the Hallmark Subsidiaries  (the
"Hallmark  Benefit Plans") are listed in  the Hallmark Disclosure Letter, except
Hallmark Benefit Plans which are not  material. True and complete copies of  the
Hallmark  Benefit  Plans  have  been  made  available  to  CHS.  To  the  extent
applicable, the Hallmark Benefit  Plans comply, in  all material respects,  with
the  requirements of  the Employee  Retirement Income  Security Act  of 1974, as
amended ("ERISA"), and the  Code, and any Hallmark  Benefit Plan intended to  be
qualified  under Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the IRS to be
so qualified. No Hallmark employee benefit plan covered by Title IV of ERISA  or
Section  412 of the  Code is now,  or ever was,  to the actual  knowledge of the
executive  officers  of  Hallmark,  maintained  by  Hallmark  or  any   Hallmark
Subsidiary,  or any predecessors thereof. No  Hallmark Benefit Plan nor Hallmark
has incurred any liability or penalty under Section 4975 of the Code or Sections
502(i) or 502(l) of  ERISA. Each Hallmark Benefit  Plan has been maintained  and
administered  in all  material respects  in compliance  with its  terms and with
ERISA and the Code to the extent applicable thereto. The Hallmark Benefit  Plans
are,  except by reason of possible  non-compliance with Section 402(b) of ERISA,
terminable by Hallmark.  To the actual  knowledge of the  executive officers  of
Hallmark,  there  are  no  pending or  anticipated  material  claims  against or
otherwise involving any  of the Hallmark  Benefit Plans and  no suit, action  or
other  litigation (excluding claims for benefits incurred in the ordinary course
of Hallmark Benefit Plan activities) has been brought against or with respect to
any such Hallmark Benefit Plan, except for any of the foregoing which would  not
have  a Hallmark Material Adverse Effect.  All contributions required to be made
as of the date hereof to the  Hallmark Benefit Plans have been made or  provided
for.  Since September  25, 1980, neither  Hallmark nor any  entity under "common
control" with Hallmark within the meaning of ERISA Section 4001 has  contributed
to,  or been required to contribute to, any "multi-employer plan" (as defined in
Section 3(37) and 4001(a)(3) of ERISA). Hallmark does not maintain or contribute
to any plan or arrangement which provides or has any liability (except as may be
required by law) to  provide life insurance, medical  or other employee  welfare
benefits  to any employee or former  employee upon his retirement or termination
of employment  and  Hallmark  has  never  represented,  promised  or  contracted
(whether  in oral or  written form) to  or with any  employee or former employee
that such  benefits would  be  provided. Except  as  disclosed in  the  Hallmark
Reports,  the execution of, and performance of the transactions contemplated in,
this Agreement will not (either alone  or upon the occurrence of any  additional
or  subsequent  events)  constitute an  event  under any  benefit  plan, policy,
arrangement or agreement or  any trust or  loan that will or  may result in  any
payment  (whether of severance  pay or otherwise),  acceleration, forgiveness of
indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligations to fund
benefits with respect to any employee.

    5.12.  LABOR MATTERS.   Neither Hallmark  nor any of  its Subsidiaries is  a
party  to, or bound  by, any collective bargaining  agreement, contract or other
agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization. There is no
unfair labor practice or labor arbitration proceeding pending or, to the  actual
knowledge  of the executive officers of Hallmark, threatened against Hallmark or
its Subsidiaries  relating to  their business,  except for  any such  proceeding
which would not have a

                                      A-8
<PAGE>
Hallmark  Material  Adverse Effect.  To the  actual  knowledge of  the executive
officers of Hallmark, there  are no organizational efforts  with respect to  the
formation  of a  collective bargaining unit  presently being  made or threatened
involving employees of Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries.

    5.13.   POOLING OF  INTERESTS.   To the  actual knowledge  of the  executive
officers  of Hallmark, Hallmark has not taken or failed to take any action which
would prevent  the  accounting for  the  Merger as  a  pooling of  interests  in
accordance  with Accounting Principles Board  Opinion No. 16, the interpretative
releases issued pursuant thereto, and the pronouncements of the SEC.

    5.14.  NO BROKERS.  Hallmark has not entered into any contract,  arrangement
or  understanding with any person or firm  which may result in the obligation of
Hallmark or CHS  to pay any  finder's fees, brokerage  or agent's commission  or
other  like  payments  in  connection  with  the  negotiations  leading  to this
Agreement or the  consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby,  except
that  Hallmark has retained Mabon Securities Corp. as its financial advisor, the
arrangements with which have been disclosed in writing to CHS prior to the  date
hereof.  Other than  the foregoing  arrangements, Hallmark  is not  aware of any
claim for payment  of any  finder's fees,  brokerage or  agent's commissions  or
other  like  payments  in  connection  with  the  negotiations  leading  to this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

    5.15.  CHS STOCK  OWNERSHIP.  Neither Hallmark  nor any of its  Subsidiaries
owns  any shares of  CHS Common Stock  or other securities  convertible into CHS
Common Stock.

    5.16.  AGREEMENTS.  (a)  Neither Hallmark nor any  of its Subsidiaries is  a
party to:

        (i)  any  agreement,  contract  or  commitment  containing  any covenant
    limiting the freedom of Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any
    line of business  or to  compete with  any person  in any  line of  business
    permitted by its or their Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law;

        (ii)  any written agreement, order  or decree of or  with any federal or
    state regulatory  agency  except those  listed  in the  Hallmark  Disclosure
    Letter; or

       (iii)  any obligation  of guaranty  or indemnity,  except as  provided in
    Section 5.11, obligations of Subsidiaries guaranteed by Hallmark, and income
    guarantees provided to recruit healthcare professionals.

    (b) All material agreements, contracts or commitments (except those  entered
into  in  the ordinary  course  of business)  to which  Hallmark  or any  of its
Subsidiaries is a party  or which affects its  or their business, operations  or
assets  are listed  in the  Hallmark Reports.  Neither Hallmark  nor any  of its
Subsidiaries has in any material respect  breached, nor is there any pending  or
threatened claim that it or any of its Subsidiaries has materially breached, any
of the terms or conditions of any such agreements, contracts or commitments.

    5.17.   TITLE TO  ASSETS.  (a) On  March 31, 1994, Hallmark  and each of its
Subsidiaries had and,  except with respect  to assets disposed  of for  adequate
consideration  in the ordinary course of business since such date, now has, good
and merchantable title to all real  property and good and merchantable title  to
all  other material properties and assets  reflected on the consolidated balance
sheet of Hallmark as of  such date, and has good  and merchantable title to  all
real  property and good and merchantable  title to all other material properties
and assets  acquired  since such  date,  in each  case  free and  clear  of  all
mortgages,   liens,  pledges,  restrictions,  security  interests,  charges  and
encumbrances of  any nature  except  for (i)  mortgages and  encumbrances  which
secure  indebtedness which is properly reflected in the aforesaid balance sheet;
(ii) liens for  taxes accrued  but not  yet payable;  (iii) liens  arising as  a
matter  of law in  the ordinary course  of business with  respect to obligations
incurred after  the date  of  the aforesaid  balance  sheet, provided  that  the
obligations  secured by such liens are not  delinquent or are being contested in
good faith; (iv) such imperfections of title and encumbrances, if any, as do not
materially detract from the value or  materially interfere with the present  use
of  any of such  properties or assets or  the pending sale of  any of such owned
properties or assets; and (v) capital leases, if any,

                                      A-9
<PAGE>
with third parties for fair and adequate consideration. Hallmark and each of its
Subsidiaries own, or have valid leasehold interests in, all material  properties
and  assets used in the  conduct of their business.  Any real property and other
material assets held under lease by Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries are held
under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases  with such exceptions as are  not
material  and do  not interfere  with the  use made  or proposed  to be  made by
Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries of such property.

    (b) With respect to each lease of any real property or a material amount  of
personal  property to which Hallmark or any  of its Subsidiaries is a party, and
except for leases as lessor or  sublessor to healthcare professionals, (i)  such
lease  is in full force and effect in  accordance with its terms; (ii) all rents
and other monetary amounts that have become due and payable thereunder have been
paid; (iii) there  exists no default,  or event, occurrence,  condition or  act,
which  with the  giving of  notice, the lapse  of time  or the  happening of any
further event, occurrence, condition  or act would become  a default under  such
lease;  and  (iv) the  Merger will  not constitute  a breach  under, or  cause a
termination of, such  lease. Notwithstanding  anything to  the contrary  herein,
Hallmark shall have the right to supplement the Hallmark Disclosure Letter on or
before  5:00  p.m., Eastern  Daylight  Time, Monday,  June  13, 1994,  to report
exceptions  to  the  representation  and  warranty  contained  in  this  Section
5.17(b)(iv).

    (c)  Neither Hallmark nor any of  its Subsidiaries has any legal obligation,
absolute or contingent, to any other person to sell or otherwise dispose of  any
substantial  part of  its assets;  or to sell  or dispose  of any  of its assets
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.

    5.18.  INSURANCE POLICIES.  Hallmark  and each of its Subsidiaries  maintain
in  force  insurance  policies  and  bonds  in  such  amounts  and  against such
liabilities and hazards  as are considered  by it to  be reasonable. A  complete
list  of all  such insurance  policies is  contained in  the Hallmark Disclosure
Letter. Neither Hallmark nor any of its Subsidiaries is now liable, nor will  it
or  any of them  become liable, for any  material retroactive premium adjustment
not recorded on its books or otherwise provided for. All policies are valid  and
enforceable  and in full force  and effect, and neither  Hallmark nor any of its
Subsidiaries  has  received  any  notice  of  a  material  premium  increase  or
cancellation  with respect to any of its insurance policies or bonds. Within the
last three years, neither Hallmark nor any of its Subsidiaries has been  refused
any  basic insurance coverage sought or applied  for, and Hallmark has no reason
to believe that its  existing insurance coverage cannot  be renewed as and  when
same  shall expire, upon terms and conditions standard in the market at the time
renewal is sought.

    5.19.  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

    (a) (i)  Hallmark  and each of its  Subsidiaries have obtained all  material
permits,  licenses and other authorizations that  are required to be obtained by
it in  connection with  the operation  of its  businesses and  ownership of  its
properties   (collectively,  the   "Hallmark  Subject   Properties")  under  any
applicable Environmental Law  Requirements, as hereinafter  defined, except  for
such matters as would not have a Hallmark Material Adverse Effect;

        (ii)  Hallmark and  each of  its Subsidiaries  are in  compliance in all
    respects with  all  terms  and  conditions of  such  permits,  licenses  and
    authorizations  and  with  all  applicable  Environmental  Law Requirements,
    except for  such matters  as  would not  have  a Hallmark  Material  Adverse
    Effect;

       (iii)  There are  no past  or present  events, conditions, circumstances,
    activities or plans by  Hallmark or any of  its Subsidiaries related in  any
    manner  to  Hallmark or  any  of its  Subsidiaries  or the  Hallmark Subject
    Properties that  did or  would violate  or prevent  compliance or  continued
    compliance  with any of  the Environmental Law Requirements  or give rise to
    any Environmental Liability, as hereinafter defined, except for such matters
    as would not have a Hallmark Material Adverse Effect;

       (iv) There is no civil, criminal or administrative action, suit,  demand,
    claim,  order,  judgment,  hearing,  notice  or  demand  letter,  notice  of
    violation,   investigation    or    proceeding    pending    or    to    the

                                      A-10
<PAGE>
    actual  knowledge of  any executive  officer of  Hallmark threatened  by any
    person against Hallmark or  any of its Subsidiaries,  or any prior owner  of
    any  of the Hallmark Subject Properties and  relating to any of the Hallmark
    Subject Properties,  and  relating  in  any way  to  any  Environmental  Law
    Requirement  or seeking  to impose  any Environmental  Liability, except for
    such matters as would not have a Hallmark Material Adverse Effect; and

        (v) Neither  Hallmark nor  any  of its  Subsidiaries  is subject  to  or
    responsible  for  any Environmental  Liability which  is  not set  forth and
    adequately reserved against on the March 31, 1994 consolidated balance sheet
    of Hallmark.

    (b) "Environmental Law Requirement" shall mean any court order or decree  or
current  law or  current ordinance, rule  or regulation, notice,  plan or demand
letter relating to pollution or  protection of the environment, including  those
relating   to  emissions,  discharges,  releases,   or  threatened  releases  of
pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances
or wastes  into  the environment  (including  without limitation,  ambient  air,
surface  water, ground water or land)  or otherwise relating to the manufacture,
processing,  distribution,  use,  treatment,  storage,  disposal,  transport  or
handling  of  pollutants,  contaminants,  chemicals,  or  industrial,  toxic  or
hazardous substances or wastes.

    (c) "Environmental Liability"  shall mean  (i) any  liability or  obligation
arising  under  any Environmental  Law Requirement  that has  resulted in  or is
reasonably likely to result in a  Hallmark Material Adverse Effect, or (ii)  any
liability  or  obligation  under  any  other current  theory  of  law  or equity
(including, without  limitation, any  liability  for personal  injury,  property
damage  or remediation) that results  from, or is based  upon or related to, the
manufacture,  processing,  distribution,  use,  treatment,  storage,   disposal,
transport or handling, or the emission, discharge, release or threatened release
into  the environment, of  any pollutant, contaminant,  chemical, or industrial,
toxic or  hazardous  substance  or  waste, which  liability  or  obligation  has
resulted  in or is  reasonably likely to  result in a  Hallmark Material Adverse
Effect.

    5.20.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.  Hallmark and each of its Subsidiaries owns or
has the legal right to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks,  software
and  other intellectual property that is material to the conduct of its or their
respective business.

    5.21.  OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR.   Hallmark has received the opinion  of
Mabon  Securities  Corp.,  to  the  effect that,  as  of  the  date  hereof, the
consideration to be received by the holders of Hallmark Common Stock pursuant to
Section 4.1(b) is fair from a financial point of view.

    5.22.  LICENSES AND PERMITS.   All of Hallmark's hospitals and other  health
care  facilities  have  all  necessary  licenses,  permits,  and  authorizations
required to lawfully conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted,
including but  not  limited to  all  material licenses,  certificates  of  need,
permits,  certifications,  provider and  other  third-party payor  contracts and
regulatory  authorizations  required  for  the  hospitals  to  operate  as  they
currently   operate  and  in   accordance  with  all   applicable  laws,  rules,
regulations, ordinances, or  orders of  any governmental authority,  and (a)  no
such license, permit, or authorization is subject to revocation or forfeiture by
virtue  of  any existing  circumstance, (b)  there is  no pending  or threatened
proceeding to modify  in any material  respect or revoke  any material  license,
permit,  or authorization, and (c) no  such license, permit, or authorization is
subject to  any  outstanding  order, decree,  judgment,  stipulation,  or  known
investigation   that   would  materially   affect   such  license,   permit,  or
authorization. All of Hallmark's hospitals and other health care facilities have
obtained accreditation by  the Joint Commission  on Accreditation of  Healthcare
Organizations for the Hospital.

    5.23.   MEDICARE/MEDICAID  COST REPORTS.   Neither  Hallmark nor  any of its
Subsidiaries has  filed any  required terminating  Medicare cost  report on  any
facility  which  Hallmark or  any  of its  Subsidiaries  has sold  or  no longer
operates, for  which it  has not  received a  Notice of  Program  Reimbursement.
Neither  Hallmark nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any Notice of Program
Reimbursement (or  similar  document for  Medicaid)  with respect  to  any  such
facility's cost reports, including cost reports

                                      A-11
<PAGE>
for  those  facilities it  has  sold or  no  longer operates,  which  requires a
material refund  to  the  government  agency responsible  for  the  Medicare  or
Medicaid  program and which either (a) has not been paid or (b) is not reflected
as  a  liability  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  of  Hallmark  and   its
Subsidiaries at March 31, 1994.

    5.24.    COMPLIANCE  WITH  MEDICARE/MEDICAID  PROGRAMS.    Hallmark  and its
Subsidiaries have  filed all  cost and  other reports  required to  be filed  in
connection  with all state and federal Medicare  and Medicaid programs due on or
before the date hereof, which are complete and correct in all material respects,
subject to adjustment upon audit. There are no claims, actions, payment  reviews
or  appeals  pending  or  threatened before  any  commission,  board  or agency,
including, without limitation, any intermediary or carrier, the Administrator of
the Health Care Financing Administration, or  any state agency, with respect  to
any  Medicare or Medicaid claims filed by Hallmark or any of its Subsidiaries on
or before the date hereof, which  would have a Hallmark Material Adverse  Effect
or  materially adversely affect  any of its hospitals,  the operation or utility
thereof, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except  as
set  forth on the  Hallmark Disclosure Letter  (and except for  appeals of items
that are fully  reserved in the  Hallmark Reports) and  no validation review  or
program  integrity  review  related to  Hallmark,  or  any of  its  hospitals or
Subsidiaries has been conducted since January  1, 1991 by any commission,  board
or agency in connection with the Medicare or Medicaid program, and to the actual
knowledge  of the executive officers of Hallmark, no such reviews are scheduled,
pending or threatened  against or affecting  Hallmark, any of  its hospitals  or
Subsidiaries.

                                   ARTICLE 6

    6.   REPRESENTATIONS AND  WARRANTIES OF CHS  AND MERGER SUB.   Except as set
forth in the disclosure letter delivered at or prior to the execution hereof  to
Hallmark (the "CHS Disclosure Letter"), CHS and Merger Sub represent and warrant
to Hallmark as of the date of this Agreement as follows:

    6.1.    EXISTENCE;  GOOD  STANDING;  CORPORATE  AUTHORITY;  COMPLIANCE  WITH
LAW.  Each of  CHS and Merger  Sub is a  corporation duly incorporated,  validly
existing   and  in  good  standing  under   the  laws  of  its  jurisdiction  of
incorporation. CHS is  duly licensed or  qualified to do  business as a  foreign
corporation  and is in  good standing under the  laws of any  other state of the
United States in which  the character of  the properties owned  or leased by  it
therein  or in  which the transaction  of its business  makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a material
adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition  of
CHS and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (a "CHS Material Adverse Effect"). CHS
has  all requisite corporate power  and authority to own,  operate and lease its
properties and carry on its business as now conducted. Each of CHS's Significant
Subsidiaries is  a corporation  duly  organized, validly  existing and  in  good
standing  under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, has the corporate
power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as it  is
now  being  conducted, and  is  duly qualified  to do  business  and is  in good
standing in each  jurisdiction in  which the ownership  of its  property or  the
conduct of its business requires such qualification, except for jurisdictions in
which such failure to be so qualified or to be in good standing would not have a
CHS  Material Adverse Effect. Neither CHS nor any CHS Subsidiary or any of their
respective properties  or assets  is in  violation of  any order  of any  court,
governmental  authority or arbitration board or tribunal, or any law, ordinance,
governmental rule  or regulation  to which  CHS or  any of  its Subsidiaries  is
subject,  where such violation would have a CHS Material Adverse Effect. CHS and
its Subsidiaries have  obtained all licenses,  permits and other  authorizations
and   have  taken  all  actions  required  by  applicable  law  or  governmental
regulations in  connection  with their  business  as now  conducted,  where  the
failure  to obtain any  such item or  to take any  such action would  have a CHS
Material Adverse Effect. The  copies of CHS's  Certificate of Incorporation  and
Bylaws previously delivered to Hallmark are true and correct.

                                      A-12
<PAGE>
    6.2.   AUTHORIZATION, VALIDITY  AND EFFECT OF  AGREEMENTS.  Each  of CHS and
Merger Sub  has the  requisite  corporate power  and  authority to  execute  and
deliver  this Agreement  and all  agreements and  documents contemplated hereby.
Subject only to the approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby by the  holders of a  majority of  the outstanding shares  of CHS  Common
Stock  and by  the holders  of a  majority of  the outstanding  shares of Common
Stock, $.01  par  value, of  Merger  Sub  (the "Requisite  CHS  Approval"),  the
consummation  by CHS and Merger Sub  of the transactions contemplated hereby has
been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action. Subject to obtaining the
Requisite CHS  Approval,  this Agreement  constitutes,  and all  agreements  and
documents contemplated hereby (when executed and delivered pursuant hereto) will
constitute,  the valid and legally binding obligations of each of CHS and Merger
Sub, to the extent it is a  party thereto, enforceable in accordance with  their
respective  terms, subject  to applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency, moratorium or
other similar  laws relating  to  creditors' rights  and general  principles  of
equity.

    6.3.    CAPITALIZATION.   The authorized  capital stock  of CHS  consists of
30,000,000 shares of CHS Common Stock, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred  stock,
$.01  par  value (the  "CHS Preferred  Stock"). As  of May  31, 1994  there were
11,436,496 shares of CHS Common Stock  issued and outstanding, and no shares  of
CHS  Preferred  Stock issued  and outstanding.  Since  such date,  no additional
shares of capital stock of CHS have been issued, except pursuant to the exercise
of options outstanding under CHS stock option and employee stock purchase  plans
(collectively,  the "CHS  Stock Option  Plans"). CHS  has no  outstanding bonds,
debentures, notes or other  obligations the holders of  which have the right  to
vote  (or which  are convertible into  or exercisable for  securities having the
right to vote) with the stockholders of  CHS on any matter. All such issued  and
outstanding  shares  of  CHS  Common  Stock and  CHS  Preferred  Stock  are duly
authorized, validly issued,  fully paid,  nonassessable and  free of  preemptive
rights.  Other than as  contemplated by this  Agreement or set  forth in the CHS
Disclosure Letter, there  are not  at the date  of this  Agreement any  existing
options,  warrants,  calls,  subscriptions,  convertible  securities,  or  other
rights, agreements or commitments which obligate CHS or any of its  Subsidiaries
to  issue, transfer or  sell any shares  of capital stock  of CHS or  any of its
Subsidiaries.

    6.4.  SUBSIDIARIES.  (a) Each of the outstanding shares of capital stock  of
each  of CHS's Subsidiaries  is duly authorized, validly  issued, fully paid and
nonassessable, and is owned,  directly or indirectly, by  CHS free and clear  of
all  liens, pledges, security interests, claims or other encumbrances other than
liens imposed by local law which are not material. The following information for
each Subsidiary of CHS  has been previously provided  to Hallmark: (i) its  name
and  jurisdiction of incorporation or  organization; (ii) its authorized capital
stock or share  capital; (iii) the  number of issued  and outstanding shares  of
capital  stock or share capital;  and (iv) the number  of shares of such capital
stock owned by CHS or any of its Subsidiaries.

    (b) The authorized  capital stock of  Merger Sub consists,  or will  consist
prior  to the Closing, of 10,000 shares of  Common Stock, $.01 par value, all of
which shares are, or will  be prior to the  Closing, issued and outstanding  and
owned  by  CHS. Merger  Sub  has not  engaged in  any  activities other  than in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

    6.5.   OTHER INTERESTS.    Except for  interests  in the  CHS  Subsidiaries,
neither  CHS nor any CHS Subsidiary owns  directly or indirectly any interest or
investment (whether  equity  or debt)  in  any corporation,  partnership,  joint
venture,  business,  trust  or  entity  (other  than  investments  in short-term
investment securities).

    6.6.  NO VIOLATION.   Neither the execution and  delivery by CHS and  Merger
Sub  of  this  Agreement nor  the  consummation by  CHS  and Merger  Sub  of the
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance  with the terms hereof, will  (i)
conflict  with or  result in a  breach of  any provisions of  the Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws of CHS  or Merger Sub; (ii)  except as disclosed in  the
CHS  Reports,  result in  a  breach or  violation of,  a  default under,  or the
triggering of  any  payment  or  other  material  obligations  pursuant  to,  or
accelerate  vesting under, any  of the CHS  Stock Option Plans,  or any grant or
award made  under any  of the  foregoing, (iii)  violate, or  conflict with,  or
result  in a breach  of any provision of,  or constitute a  default (or an event
which, with notice or lapse of time or both,

                                      A-13
<PAGE>
would constitute a default) under, or result in the termination or in a right of
termination or cancellation of,  or accelerate the  performance required by,  or
result  in the  creation of any  lien, security interest,  charge or encumbrance
upon any of the material properties of CHS or its Subsidiaries under, or  result
in  being declared void, voidable, or without further binding effect, any of the
terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed  of
trust  or any material license, franchise, permit, lease, contract, agreement or
other  instrument,  commitment  or  obligation  to  which  CHS  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  is a party, or by  which CHS or any of  its Subsidiaries or any of
their properties is bound or affected,  except for any of the foregoing  matters
which  would not  have a  CHS Material  Adverse Effect;  or (iv)  other than the
Regulatory Filings, require any material consent, approval or authorization  of,
or  declaration,  filing  or  registration with,  any  domestic  governmental or
regulatory authority,  the failure  to obtain  or make  which would  have a  CHS
Material Adverse Effect.

    6.7.    SEC DOCUMENTS.    CHS has  delivered  to Hallmark  each registration
statement, report, proxy statement or information statement prepared by it since
December 31, 1991, including, without limitation, (i) its Annual Report on  Form
10-K  for the year  ended December 31,  1993, (ii) its  Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the period ended March 31, 1994, and (iii) its Proxy Statement for  the
Annual  Meeting of Stockholders held April 28, 1994, each in the form (including
exhibits and any amendments thereto) filed with the SEC (collectively, the  "CHS
Reports").  As of their respective  dates, the CHS Reports  (i) were prepared in
all material  respects in  accordance with  the applicable  requirements of  the
Securities  Act, the Exchange Act, and  the rules and regulations thereunder and
(ii) did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state  a
material  fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,  not
misleading.  Each  of the  consolidated  balance sheets  of  CHS included  in or
incorporated by reference into the CHS Reports (including the related notes  and
schedules)  fairly presents the  consolidated financial position  of CHS and the
CHS Subsidiaries  as of  its date  and each  of the  consolidated statements  of
income,  retained  earnings  and  cash  flows  included  in  or  incorporated by
reference into  the CHS  Reports  (including any  related notes  and  schedules)
fairly  presents the results of operations,  retained earnings or cash flows, as
the case may  be, of CHS  and the CHS  Subsidiaries, for the  periods set  forth
therein  (subject,  in  the  case  of  unaudited  statements,  to  exceptions to
generally accepted accounting principles as permitted by SEC rules with  respect
to  unaudited quarterly financial  statements), in each  case in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied during the periods
involved, except as may be noted therein. Except as and to the extent set  forth
on  the consolidated balance sheet of CHS  and the CHS Subsidiaries at March 31,
1994, including all notes thereto, or as  set forth in the CHS Reports,  neither
CHS  nor any of the CHS Subsidiaries has any material liabilities or obligations
of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise) that would be
required to be reflected on, or reserved  against in, a balance sheet of CHS  or
in  the notes thereto, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles consistently  applied, except  liabilities  arising in  the  ordinary
course of business since such respective dates.

    6.8.  LITIGATION.  Except as disclosed in the CHS Reports filed with the SEC
prior  to the  date hereof,  there are  no claims,  actions, suits, proceedings,
arbitrations or investigations pending against  CHS or the CHS Subsidiaries  or,
to the actual knowledge of the executive officers of CHS, threatened against CHS
or  the CHS Subsidiaries,  at law or in  equity, or before or  by any federal or
state commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, that are  reasonably
likely  to have a CHS Material Adverse Effect, nor does any executive officer of
CHS have actual  knowledge of  any facts  or circumstances  that such  executive
officer believes would be likely to form the basis for any such claims, actions,
suits, proceedings, arbitrations or investigations.

    6.9.   ABSENCE OF CERTAIN  CHANGES.  Except as  disclosed in the CHS Reports
filed with the SEC prior  to the date hereof, since  December 31, 1993, CHS  has
conducted  its business only in  the ordinary course of  such business and there
has not been (i) any CHS Material Adverse Effect; (ii) any declaration,  setting
aside  or payment  of any  dividend or  other distribution  with respect  to its
capital stock;  or  (iii) any  material  change in  its  accounting  principles,
practices or methods.

                                      A-14
<PAGE>
    6.10.   POOLING  OF INTERESTS.   To  the actual  knowledge of  the executive
officers of CHS,  CHS has not  taken or failed  to take any  action which  would
prevent  the accounting for the  Merger as a pooling  of interests in accordance
with Accounting Principles  Board Opinion  No. 16,  the interpretative  releases
issued pursuant thereto, and the pronouncements of the SEC.

    6.11.   NO BROKERS.   CHS has not entered  into any contract, arrangement or
understanding with any  person or  firm which may  result in  the obligation  of
Hallmark  or CHS to pay  any finder's fees, brokerage  or agent's commissions or
other like  payments  in  connection  with  the  negotiations  leading  to  this
Agreement  or the consummation  of the transactions  contemplated hereby, except
that CHS has retained Lehman Brothers as its financial advisor, the arrangements
with which have been disclosed in writing to Hallmark prior to the date  hereof.
Other than the foregoing arrangements, CHS is not aware of any claim for payment
of any finder's fees, brokerage or agent's commissions or other like payments in
connection  with the negotiations leading to  this Agreement or the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

    6.12.  CHS COMMON STOCK.  The issuance and delivery by CHS of shares of  CHS
Common Stock in connection with the Merger and this Agreement have been duly and
validly  authorized by all necessary corporate action  on the part of CHS except
for the approval of its stockholders contemplated by this Agreement. The  shares
of  CHS  Common  Stock to  be  issued in  connection  with the  Merger  and this
Agreement, when issued in accordance with  the terms of this Agreement, will  be
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

    6.13.  OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR.  CHS has received the opinion of Lehman
Brothers,  to the effect  that, as of  the date hereof,  the consideration to be
paid by  CHS in  the Merger  to the  holders of  Hallmark Common  Stock and  the
holders  of Redeemable  Preferred Stock pursuant  to Section  4.1(b) and Section
4.1(c), respectively, is fair to CHS from a financial point of view.

    6.14.  TAXES.  CHS  and each of its Subsidiaries  (i) have timely filed  all
material  federal, state and foreign tax returns  required to be filed by any of
them prior to the  date of this  Agreement or requests  for extension have  been
timely  filed and any such  request shall have been  granted and not expired and
all such  returns are  complete in  all  material respects,  (ii) have  paid  or
accrued  all taxes shown to  be due and payable on  such returns, and (iii) have
properly accrued  all such  taxes for  such periods  subsequent to  the  periods
covered  by such  returns, and  (iv) have  "open" years  for federal  income tax
returns only as set forth in the CHS Disclosure Letter.

    6.15.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS.  All employee benefit plans and other benefit
arrangements covering  employees  of CHS  and  the CHS  Subsidiaries  (the  "CHS
Benefit  Plans") are  listed in  the CHS  Disclosure Letter,  except CHS Benefit
Plans which are not material. True and complete copies of the CHS Benefit  Plans
have  been made available to Hallmark. To the extent applicable, the CHS Benefit
Plans comply, in all material respects, with the requirements of ERISA, and  the
Code,  and any CHS Benefit Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code has  been determined by  the IRS to  be so qualified.  No CHS  employee
benefit  plan covered by Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code is now, or
ever was, to the actual knowledge  of the executive officers of CHS,  maintained
by  CHS or any CHS Subsidiary, or  any predecessors thereof. No CHS Benefit Plan
nor CHS has incurred any liability or penalty under Section 4975 of the Code  or
Sections  502(i) or 502(l) of  ERISA. Each CHS Benefit  Plan has been maintained
and administered in all material respects in compliance with its terms and  with
ERISA  and the Code to the extent applicable thereto. The CHS Benefit Plans are,
except by  reason  of possible  non-compliance  with Section  402(b)  of  ERISA,
terminable  by CHS. To  the actual knowledge  of the executive  officers of CHS,
there are  no  pending  or  anticipated material  claims  against  or  otherwise
involving  any of the CHS Benefit Plans  and no suit, action or other litigation
(excluding claims for benefits  incurred in the ordinary  course of CHS  Benefit
Plan  activities)  has been  brought against  or  with respect  to any  such CHS
Benefit Plan,  except for  any  of the  foregoing which  would  not have  a  CHS
Material  Adverse Effect. All contributions  required to be made  as of the date
hereof to the CHS Benefit Plans have been made or provided for. Since  September
25,  1980, neither CHS nor any entity under "common control" with CHS within the
meaning of ERISA Section 4001

                                      A-15
<PAGE>
has contributed  to, or  been  required to  contribute to,  any  "multi-employer
plan".  CHS does  not maintain  or contribute to  any plan  or arrangement which
provides or has any liability (except as may be required by law) to provide life
insurance, medical or other employee welfare benefits to any employee or  former
employee  upon his  retirement or  termination of  employment and  CHS has never
represented, promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to or with
any employee or former employee that such benefits would be provided. Except  as
disclosed  in  the  CHS  Reports,  the  execution  of,  and  performance  of the
transactions contemplated in, this Agreement will not (either alone or upon  the
occurrence of any additional or subsequent events) constitute an event under any
benefit plan, policy, arrangement or agreement or any trust or loan that will or
may result in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration,
forgiveness  of  indebtedness, vesting,  distribution,  increase in  benefits or
obligations to fund benefits with respect to any employee.

    6.16.  LABOR MATTERS.   Neither CHS nor any of  its Subsidiaries is a  party
to,  or  bound  by,  any  collective  bargaining  agreement,  contract  or other
agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization. There is no
unfair labor practice or labor arbitration proceeding pending or, to the  actual
knowledge  of  the executive  officers  of CHS,  threatened  against CHS  or its
Subsidiaries relating to their  business, except for  any such proceeding  which
would  not have a  CHS Material Adverse  Effect. To the  actual knowledge of the
executive officers of CHS, there are  no organizational efforts with respect  to
the formation of a collective bargaining unit presently being made or threatened
involving employees of CHS or any of its Subsidiaries.

    6.17.   AGREEMENTS.  (a) Neither CHS nor  any of its Subsidiaries is a party
to:

        (i) any  agreement,  contract  or  commitment  containing  any  covenant
    limiting the freedom of CHS or any of its Subsidiaries to engage in any line
    of  business or to compete with any person in any line of business permitted
    by its or their Certificate of Incorporation or by applicable law;

        (ii) any written agreement,  order or decree of  or with any federal  or
    state regulatory agency except those listed in the CHS Disclosure Letter; or

       (iii)  any obligation  of guaranty  or indemnity,  except as  provided in
    Section 6.15,  obligations of  Subsidiaries guaranteed  by CHS,  and  income
    guarantees provided to recruit healthcare professionals.

    (b)  All material agreements, contracts or commitments (except those entered
into in the ordinary course of business) to which CHS or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party  or which affects  its or  their business, operations  or assets  are
listed  in the CHS Reports.  Neither CHS nor any of  its Subsidiaries has in any
material respect breached, nor is there any pending or threatened claim that  it
or  any  of  its Subsidiaries  has  materially  breached, any  of  the  terms or
conditions of any such agreements, contracts or commitments.

    6.18.   TITLE TO  ASSETS.   (a)  On March  31,  1994, CHS  and each  of  its
Subsidiaries  had and,  except with respect  to assets disposed  of for adequate
consideration in the ordinary course of business since such date, now has,  good
and  merchantable title to all real property  and good and merchantable title to
all other material properties and  assets reflected on the consolidated  balance
sheet  of CHS as of such  date, and has good and  merchantable title to all real
property and good and  merchantable title to all  other material properties  and
assets  acquired since such date, in each  case free and clear of all mortgages,
liens, pledges, restrictions,  security interests, charges  and encumbrances  of
any  nature except for (i) mortgages  and encumbrances which secure indebtedness
which is properly reflected in the aforesaid balance sheet; (ii) liens for taxes
accrued but not  yet payable;  (iii) liens  arising as a  matter of  law in  the
ordinary  course of business with respect to obligations incurred after the date
of the aforesaid balance  sheet, provided that the  obligations secured by  such
liens  are  not delinquent  or  are being  contested  in good  faith;  (iv) such
imperfections of title and  encumbrances, if any, as  do not materially  detract
from  the value  or materially  interfere with  the present  use of  any of such
properties or assets  or the pending  sale of  any of such  owned properties  or
assets; and (v) capital leases, if any, with third parties for fair and adequate
consideration.    CHS   and   each   of    its   Subsidiaries   own,   or   have

                                      A-16
<PAGE>
valid leasehold interests  in, all material  properties and assets  used in  the
conduct  of their  business. Any  real property  and other  material assets held
under lease by CHS or any of  its Subsidiaries are held under valid,  subsisting
and  enforceable leases  with such  exceptions as  are not  material and  do not
interfere with  the use  made  or proposed  to be  made  by CHS  or any  of  its
Subsidiaries of such property.

    (b)  With respect to each lease of any real property or a material amount of
personal property to which CHS or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, and except
for leases as lessor or sublessor to healthcare professionals, (i) such lease is
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms; (ii) all rents and  other
monetary  amounts that  have become due  and payable thereunder  have been paid;
(iii) there exists  no default, or  event, occurrence, condition  or act,  which
with  the giving of  notice, the lapse of  time or the  happening of any further
event, occurrence, condition or act would become a default under such lease; and
(iv) the Merger will not constitute a  breach under, or cause a termination  of,
such lease.

    (c)  Neither  CHS nor  any  of its  Subsidiaries  has any  legal obligation,
absolute or contingent, to any other person to sell or otherwise dispose of  any
substantial  part of  its assets;  or to sell  or dispose  of any  of its assets
except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices.

    6.19.  INSURANCE  POLICIES.  CHS  and each of  its Subsidiaries maintain  in
force  insurance policies and bonds in such amounts and against such liabilities
and hazards as are  considered by it  to be reasonable. A  complete list of  all
such  insurance policies is contained in  the CHS Disclosure Letter. Neither CHS
nor any of its  Subsidiaries is now liable,  nor will it or  any of them  become
liable,  for any  material retroactive  premium adjustment  not recorded  on its
books or otherwise provided for. All  policies are valid and enforceable and  in
full  force and effect, and neither CHS nor any of its Subsidiaries has received
any notice of a material premium increase or cancellation with respect to any of
its insurance policies or  bonds. Within the last  three years, neither CHS  nor
any  of its Subsidiaries has been refused any basic insurance coverage sought or
applied for,  and CHS  has no  reason  to believe  that its  existing  insurance
coverage  cannot  be renewed  as  and when  same  shall expire,  upon  terms and
conditions standard in the market at the time renewal is sought.

    6.20.  ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

    (a) CHS and  each of its  Subsidiaries have obtained  all material  permits,
licenses  and other  authorizations that  are required to  be obtained  by it in
connection with the operation of its businesses and ownership of its  properties
(collectively,  the "CHS Subject Properties") under any applicable Environmental
Law Requirements,  except for  such matters  as would  not have  a CHS  Material
Adverse Effect;

    (b)  CHS and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all respects with
all terms and conditions of such  permits, licenses and authorizations and  with
all  applicable Environmental Law Requirements, except for such matters as would
not have a CHS Material Adverse Effect;

    (c)  There  are  no  past  or  present  events,  conditions,  circumstances,
activities  or plans by CHS or any of  its Subsidiaries related in any manner to
CHS or any of its Subsidiaries or the CHS Subject Properties that did or  would,
in  any respect, violate or prevent  compliance or continued compliance with any
of the  Environmental  Law  Requirements  or  give  rise  to  any  Environmental
Liability,  except for  such matters  as would not  have a  CHS Material Adverse
Effect;

    (d) There  is no  civil, criminal  or administrative  action, suit,  demand,
claim,  order, judgment, hearing, notice or  demand letter, notice of violation,
investigation or proceeding pending or to the actual knowledge of any  executive
officer  of CHS or any of its Subsidiaries threatened by any person against CHS,
or any prior owner of any of the  CHS Subject Properties and relating to any  of
the  CHS Subject Properties,  and relating in  any way to  any Environmental Law
Requirement or seeking to  impose any Environmental  Liability, except for  such
matters as would not have a CHS Material Adverse Effect; and

                                      A-17
<PAGE>
    (e) Neither CHS nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to or responsible for
any  Environmental  Liability which  is not  set  forth and  adequately reserved
against on the March 31, 1994 consolidated balance sheet of CHS.

    6.21.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.  CHS and each of its Subsidiaries owns or  has
the  legal right to use all trademarks, trade names, service marks, software and
other intellectual property  that is  material to the  conduct of  its or  their
respective business.

    6.22.   LICENSES AND PERMITS.  All  of CHS's hospitals and other health care
facilities have all necessary licenses, permits, and authorizations required  to
lawfully  conduct their respective businesses  as presently conducted, including
but not  limited  to  all  material licenses,  certificates  of  need,  permits,
certifications,  provider and  other third-party payor  contracts and regulatory
authorizations required for the hospitals  to operate as they currently  operate
and  in accordance with all applicable  laws, rules, regulations, ordinances, or
orders of  any governmental  authority,  and (a)  no  such license,  permit,  or
authorization  is subject to revocation or  forfeiture by virtue of any existing
circumstance, (b) there is no pending or threatened proceeding to modify in  any
material  respect or revoke any material  license, permit, or authorization, and
(c) no such  license, permit,  or authorization  is subject  to any  outstanding
order,   decree,  judgment,  stipulation,  or  known  investigation  that  would
materially affect such license, permit, or authorization. All of CHS's hospitals
and other  health  care facilities  have  obtained accreditation  by  the  Joint
Commission  on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations for the Hospital, other
than Pinellas Community Hospital.

    6.23.   MEDICARE/MEDICAID  COST  REPORTS.    Neither  CHS  nor  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  has filed  any required  terminating Medicare  cost report  on any
facility which CHS or any  of its Subsidiaries has  sold or no longer  operates,
for which it has not received a Notice of Program Reimbursement. Neither CHS nor
any  of its  Subsidiaries has received  any Notice of  Program Reimbursement (or
similar document  for Medicaid)  with  respect to  any  of its  facility's  cost
reports,  including cost reports for  those facilities it has  sold or no longer
operates, which requires a material refund to the government agency  responsible
for  the Medicare or Medicaid program and which  either (a) has not been paid or
(b) is not reflected as a liability in the consolidated balance sheet of CHS and
its Subsidiaries at March 31, 1994.

    6.24.  COMPLIANCE WITH MEDICARE/MEDICAID PROGRAMS.  CHS and its Subsidiaries
have filed all cost and  other reports required to  be filed in connection  with
all  state and federal Medicare and Medicaid  programs due on or before the date
hereof, which are  complete and  correct in  all material  respects, subject  to
adjustment  upon audit. There are no claims, actions, payment reviews or appeals
pending or threatened before any commission, board or agency, including, without
limitation, any intermediary or  carrier, the Administrator  of the Health  Care
Financing  Administration, or any state agency,  with respect to any Medicare or
Medicaid claims filed by CHS  or any of its Subsidiaries  on or before the  date
hereof,  which would have a CHS  Material Adverse Effect or materially adversely
effect, any  of  its  hospitals,  the  operation  or  utility  thereof,  or  the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, except as set forth on the
CHS  Disclosure Letter (and except for appeals  of items that are fully reserved
in the CHS Reports) and no validation review or program integrity review related
to CHS, or any of its hospitals or Subsidiaries has been conducted since January
1, 1991 by any commission,  board or agency in  connection with the Medicare  or
Medicaid  program, and to the actual knowledge of the executive officers of CHS,
no such reviews are scheduled, pending  or threatened against or affecting  CHS,
any of its hospitals or Subsidiaries.

                                   ARTICLE 7

    7.  COVENANTS.

    7.1.   ACQUISITION PROPOSALS.  Prior  to the Effective Time, Hallmark agrees
(a) that neither it nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, and Hallmark shall direct
and use its best efforts to cause its respective officers, directors, employees,
agents  and  representatives  (including,  without  limitation,  any  investment
banker,  attorney or accountant retained  by it or any  of its Subsidiaries) not
to, initiate, solicit or encourage, directly or indirectly, any inquiries or the
making or implementation of any proposal or

                                      A-18
<PAGE>
offer (including, without limitation, any proposal or offer to its stockholders)
with respect  to a  merger, acquisition,  consolidation or  similar  transaction
involving,  or any purchase of  all or any significant  portion of the assets or
equity securities of, Hallmark or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (any  such
proposal or offer being hereinafter referred to as an "Acquisition Proposal") or
engage  in any negotiations concerning,  or provide any confidential information
or data to, or have any discussions with, any person relating to an  Acquisition
Proposal,  or otherwise facilitate any effort or attempt to make or implement an
Acquisition Proposal;  (b)  that it  will  immediately  cease and  cause  to  be
terminated any existing activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties
conducted heretofore with respect to any of the foregoing and Hallmark will take
the  necessary steps to inform the individuals  or entities referred to above of
the obligations undertaken in this Section 7.1; and (c) that it will notify  CHS
immediately  of the  identity of  the potential acquiror  and the  terms of such
person's or entity's proposal  if any such inquiries  or proposals are  received
by,  any  such  information  is  requested from,  or  any  such  negotiations or
discussions are sought to be initiated or continued with, it; provided, however,
that nothing contained in this Section 7.1 shall prohibit the Board of Directors
of Hallmark from (i) furnishing information  to or entering into discussions  or
negotiations  with,  any  person or  entity  that makes  an  unsolicited written
proposal  to  acquire  Hallmark  pursuant  to  a  merger,  consolidation,  share
exchange,  purchase of a substantial portion of the assets, business combination
or other similar transaction, if, and only to the extent that, (A) the Board  of
Directors  of Hallmark determines in good faith that such action is required for
the Board of Directors to comply  with its fiduciary duties to stockholders  (B)
prior  to  furnishing  such  information to,  or  entering  into  discussions or
negotiations with, such person  or entity, Hallmark  provides written notice  to
CHS  to  the effect  that  it is  furnishing  information to,  or  entering into
discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, and (C) subject to  any
confidentiality  agreement with such person or entity (which Hallmark determined
in good faith was required to be executed in order for the Board of Directors to
comply with its fiduciary duties  to stockholders), Hallmark keeps CHS  informed
of  the status of any  such discussions or negotiations;  and (ii) to the extent
applicable, complying with Rule  14e-2 promulgated under  the Exchange Act  with
regard  to an Acquisition Proposal. Nothing in this Section 7.1 shall (x) permit
Hallmark to terminate this Agreement (except as specifically provided in Article
9 hereof), (y) permit Hallmark  to enter into any  agreement with respect to  an
Acquisition  Proposal during  the term of  this Agreement (it  being agreed that
during the term of this Agreement,  Hallmark shall not enter into any  agreement
with  any person that  provides for, or  in any way  facilitates, an Acquisition
Proposal (other than  a confidentiality  agreement in customary  form)), or  (z)
affect any other obligation of any party under this Agreement.

    7.2.   CONDUCT OF BUSINESS.  (a) Prior  to the Effective Time, except as set
forth in  the  Hallmark  Disclosure  Letter or  as  contemplated  by  any  other
provision  of  this  Agreement, unless  CHS  has consented  in  writing thereto,
Hallmark:

        (i) Shall, and  shall cause  each of  its Subsidiaries  to, conduct  its
    operations   according  to  its  usual,   regular  and  ordinary  course  in
    substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted;

        (ii)  Shall  use  its  best  efforts,  and  shall  cause  each  of   its
    Subsidiaries  to  use  its best  efforts,  to preserve  intact  its business
    organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its officers  and
    employees  and maintain satisfactory relationships with those persons having
    business relationships with it;

       (iii) Shall confer on a bi-weekly basis with one or more  representatives
    of CHS to report on operational matters and performance, and any proposal to
    acquire any business, hospital, physician practice or other material assets,
    or to engage in any other material transaction;

       (iv) Shall not amend its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws;

        (v)  Shall  promptly  notify  CHS of  any  material  emergency  or other
    material  change  in  the  condition  (financial  or  otherwise),  business,
    properties,  assets,  liabilities, prospects  or  the normal  course  of its
    businesses or in the operation of its properties, any material litigation or
    material   governmental   complaints,   investigations   or   hearings   (or
    communications indicating that the

                                      A-19
<PAGE>
    same  may be contemplated), or the  occurrence of any event, circumstance or
    transaction that would constitute a breach of any representation or warranty
    contained herein as if such representation or warranty was being made as  of
    the date of such event, circumstance or transaction;

       (vi) Shall promptly deliver to CHS true and correct copies of any report,
    statement  or schedule  filed with  the SEC subsequent  to the  date of this
    Agreement,  any  internal  monthly  operating  report(s)  prepared  for   or
    delivered  to Hallmark's  Board of  Directors and  the monthly consolidating
    financial statements for Hallmark  and its Subsidiaries for  and as of  each
    month end subsequent to the date of this Agreement;

       (vii) Shall not (A) except pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants,
    conversion  rights and other contractual rights  existing on the date hereof
    and disclosed pursuant to  this Agreement, issue any  shares of its  capital
    stock,  effect any stock split or  otherwise change its capitalization as it
    existed on the date hereof, (B) grant, confer or award any option,  warrant,
    conversion  right or other right not existing  on the date hereof to acquire
    any shares of its capital stock, (C) increase any compensation or enter into
    or amend any employment agreement with any of its present or future officers
    or directors, except for normal increases consistent with past practices and
    the payment of  cash bonuses  to officers  pursuant to  and consistent  with
    existing  plans  or programs,  or (D)  adopt any  new employee  benefit plan
    (including any stock option, stock benefit or stock purchase plan) or  amend
    any existing employee benefit plan in any material respect;

      (viii)  Shall not (A) declare,  set aside or pay  any dividend or make any
    other distribution or  payment with  respect to  any shares  of its  capital
    stock or (B) except in connection with the use of shares of capital stock to
    pay  the exercise  price or tax  withholding in  connection with stock-based
    employee benefit plans of Hallmark, directly or indirectly redeem,  purchase
    or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock or capital stock of any
    of its Subsidiaries, or make any commitment for any such action; and

       (ix)  Shall not, and  shall not permit  any of its  Subsidiaries to sell,
    lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (including capital stock  of
    Subsidiaries)  which are material, individually  or in the aggregate, except
    in the ordinary course of business.

    (b) Prior to the Effective Time, except  as set forth in the CHS  Disclosure
Letter  or  as contemplated  by any  other provision  of this  Agreement, unless
Hallmark has consented in writing thereto, CHS:

        (i) Shall, and  shall cause  each of  its Subsidiaries  to, conduct  its
    operations   according  to  its  usual,   regular  and  ordinary  course  in
    substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted;

        (ii)  Shall  use  its  best  efforts,  and  shall  cause  each  of   its
    Subsidiaries  to  use  its best  efforts,  to preserve  intact  its business
    organizations and goodwill, keep available the services of its officers  and
    employees  and maintain satisfactory relationships with those persons having
    business relationships with it;

       (iii) Shall  promptly  notify CHS  of  any material  emergency  or  other
    material  change  in  the  condition  (financial  or  otherwise),  business,
    properties, assets,  liabilities,  prospects or  the  normal course  of  its
    businesses or in the operation of its properties, any material litigation or
    material   governmental   complaints,   investigations   or   hearings   (or
    communications indicating  that  the  same  may  be  contemplated),  or  the
    occurrence of any event, circumstance or transaction that would constitute a
    breach  of  any  representation  or warranty  contained  herein  as  if such
    representation or warranty  was being  made as of  the date  of such  event,
    circumstance or transaction;

       (iv)  Shall  not amend  its Certificate  of  Incorporation to  affect its
    capitalization;

        (v) Shall promptly deliver to CHS true and correct copies of any report,
    statement or schedule  filed with  the SEC subsequent  to the  date of  this
    Agreement  and its  internal consolidated  monthly operating  statements for
    each month end subsequent to the date of this Agreement;

                                      A-20
<PAGE>
       (vi) Shall not declare, set aside or  pay any dividend or make any  other
    distribution or payment with respect to any shares of its capital stock; and

       (vii)  Shall not, and shall  not permit any of  its Subsidiaries to sell,
    lease or otherwise dispose of any of its assets (including capital stock  of
    Subsidiaries)  which are material, individually  or in the aggregate, except
    in the ordinary course of business.

    7.3.  MEETINGS  OF STOCKHOLDERS.   Each of  CHS and Hallmark  will take  all
action  necessary  in  accordance with  applicable  law and  its  Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws to convene a meeting of its stockholders as promptly as
practicable to consider  and vote upon  the approval of  this Agreement and  the
transactions  contemplated hereby.  The Board  of Directors  of each  of CHS and
Hallmark shall recommend such approval and CHS and Hallmark shall each take  all
lawful  action to solicit  such approval; including,  without limitation, timely
mailing the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus (as defined  in Section 7.7);  provided,
however, that such recommendation or solicitation is subject to any action taken
by, or upon authority of, the Board of Directors of CHS or Hallmark, as the case
may be, in the exercise of its good faith judgment as to its fiduciary duties to
its  stockholders. CHS and Hallmark shall  coordinate and cooperate with respect
to the timing of  such meetings and  shall use their best  efforts to hold  such
meetings  on the same day.  It shall be a condition  to CHS's obligation to mail
the Proxy Statement/ Prospectus that CHS  shall have received (a) an opinion  of
Lehman Brothers, dated the date of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, to the effect
that,  as of the date  thereof, the consideration to be  paid by CHS pursuant to
the Merger is fair  to CHS from a  financial point of view  and (b) a  "comfort"
letter  from Arthur Andersen & Co., independent public accountants for Hallmark,
dated the date of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, with respect to the  financial
statements of Hallmark included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, substantially
in  the form described in Section 8.3(c).  It shall be a condition to Hallmark's
obligation to  mail  the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus  that Hallmark  shall  have
received  (a) an opinion of Mabon Securities  Corp., dated the date of the Proxy
Statement/ Prospectus,  to  the  effect  that,  as  of  the  date  thereof,  the
consideration  to be received  by the holders  of Hallmark Common  Stock and the
holders of Redeemable  Preferred Stock  pursuant to Section  4.1(b) and  Section
4.1(c),  respectively, is  fair to such  stockholders from a  financial point of
view and (b) a "comfort" letter  from Arthur Andersen & Co., independent  public
accountants  for CHS,  dated the  date of  the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus, with
respect  to   the  financial   statements   of  CHS   included  in   the   Proxy
Statement/Prospectus, substantially in the form described in Section 8.2(c).

    7.4.   FILINGS; OTHER  ACTION.  Subject  to the terms  and conditions herein
provided, Hallmark and CHS shall: (a) promptly make their respective filings and
thereafter make any other required submissions under the HSR Act with respect to
the Merger; (b)  use their best  efforts to  cooperate with one  another in  (i)
determining  which filings are required  to be made prior  to the Effective Time
with, and which consents, approvals,  permits or authorizations are required  to
be  obtained  prior  to  the Effective  Time  from,  governmental  or regulatory
authorities of the United States,  the several states and foreign  jurisdictions
in  connection  with  the  execution  and delivery  of  this  Agreement  and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) timely making  all
such  filings  and  timely  seeking all  such  consents,  approvals,  permits or
authorizations; and (c) use their  best efforts to take,  or cause to be  taken,
all other action and do, or cause to be done, all other things necessary, proper
or appropriate to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by
this  Agreement. If at any time after  the Effective Time, any further action is
necessary or desirable to  carry out the purpose  of this Agreement, the  proper
officers and directors of CHS and Hallmark shall take all such necessary action.

    7.5.   INSPECTION OF RECORDS.   From the date  hereof to the Effective Time,
each party hereto  shall allow all  designated officers, attorneys,  accountants
and other representatives of the other parties access at all reasonable times to
the  records (except patient medical  records) and files, correspondence, audits
and  properties,  as  well  as  to  all  information  relating  to  commitments,
contracts,  titles  and  financial  position,  or  otherwise  pertaining  to the
business and affairs, of such party and its Subsidiaries.

                                      A-21
<PAGE>
    7.6.  PUBLICITY.  The initial press release relating to this Agreement shall
be a joint press release and thereafter Hallmark and CHS shall, subject to their
respective legal  obligations (including  requirements  of stock  exchanges  and
other  similar regulatory bodies),  consult with each  other, and use reasonable
efforts to agree upon  the text of  any press release,  before issuing any  such
press  release  or  otherwise  making  public  statements  with  respect  to the
transactions contemplated hereby and in making  any filings with any federal  or
state governmental or regulatory agency or with any national securities exchange
with respect thereto.

    7.7.  REGISTRATION STATEMENT.  CHS and Hallmark shall cooperate and promptly
prepare  and CHS shall file  with the SEC as  soon as practicable a Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (the "Form S-4") under the Securities Act, with respect to
the CHS Common  Stock issuable in  the Merger, a  portion of which  Registration
Statement  shall also  serve as  the joint proxy  statement with  respect to the
meetings of  the stockholders  of Hallmark  and of  CHS in  connection with  the
Merger (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus"). The respective parties will cause the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus and the Form S-4 to comply as to form in all material
respects  with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations thereunder. CHS shall use all reasonable  efforts,
and Hallmark will cooperate with CHS, to have the Form S-4 declared effective by
the  SEC as promptly as  practicable. CHS shall use  its best efforts to obtain,
prior to the effective date of the Form S-4, all necessary state securities  law
or  "Blue  Sky" permits  or  approvals required  to  carry out  the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. CHS  agrees that the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus
and  each amendment or supplement thereto at  the time of mailing thereof and at
the time of the respective meetings of stockholders of CHS and Hallmark, or,  in
the  case of the Form S-4 and each  amendment or supplement thereto, at the time
it is filed  or becomes effective,  will not  include an untrue  statement of  a
material  fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the  statements therein, in light  of the circumstances  under
which they were made, not misleading; provided, however that the foregoing shall
not  apply to the  extent that any such  untrue statement of  a material fact or
omission to  state a  material fact  was made  by CHS  in reliance  upon and  in
conformity  with information concerning Hallmark furnished to CHS by Hallmark or
its officers, directors, or other agents  or affiliates specifically for use  in
the  Proxy Statement/ Prospectus. Hallmark  agrees that the information provided
by it for  inclusion in  the Proxy  Statement/Prospectus and  each amendment  or
supplement  thereto,  at the  time of  mailing thereof  and at  the time  of the
respective meetings of  stockholders of  CHS and Hallmark,  or, in  the case  of
information  provided by Hallmark for inclusion in the Form S-4 or any amendment
or supplement thereto, at the  time it is filed  or becomes effective, will  not
include  an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated  therein or necessary to  make the statements therein,  in
light  of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. CHS will
advise Hallmark, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the
Form S-4 has become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, the
issuance of  any stop  order, the  suspension of  the qualification  of the  CHS
Common  Stock issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any
jurisdiction,  or  any  request   by  the  SEC  for   amendment  of  the   Proxy
Statement/Prospectus  or the Form S-4 or  comments thereon and responses thereto
or requests by the SEC for additional information.

    7.8.  LISTING APPLICATION.  CHS shall promptly prepare and submit to  NASDAQ
or  such other  national securities  exchange on which  the CHS  Common Stock is
listed a listing application covering the shares of CHS Common Stock issuable in
the Merger, and shall  use its best  efforts to obtain,  prior to the  Effective
Time,  approval for  the listing  of such  CHS Common  Stock for  trading on its
National Market System.

    7.9.  FURTHER ACTION.  Each  party hereto shall, subject to the  fulfillment
at  or before the  Effective Time of  each of the  conditions of performance set
forth herein or the waiver thereof,  perform such further acts and execute  such
documents as may be reasonably required to effect the Merger.

                                      A-22
<PAGE>
    7.10.  AGREEMENTS BY AFFILIATED STOCKHOLDERS.

    (a)  At least 30 days  prior to the Closing  Date, Hallmark shall deliver to
CHS a list of names and addresses  of those persons who were or are  anticipated
to be, in Hallmark's reasonable judgment, at the time the Merger is submitted to
a  vote  of the  stockholders of  Hallmark, "affiliates"  (each such  person, an
"Affiliate") of  Hallmark  within the  meaning  of Rule  145  of the  rules  and
regulations  promulgated under the  Securities Act ("Rule  145"). Hallmark shall
provide CHS such information and documents  as CHS shall reasonably request  for
purposes  of reviewing such  list. Hallmark shall use  all reasonable efforts to
deliver or cause to be delivered to CHS, prior to the Closing Date, from each of
the Affiliates of Hallmark identified in the foregoing list, an Affiliate Letter
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. CHS shall be entitled to place legends
as specified in such  Affiliate Letters on the  certificates evidencing any  CHS
Common  Stock to be  received by such  Affiliates pursuant to  the terms of this
Agreement, and to issue appropriate stock transfer instructions to the  transfer
agent for the CHS Common Stock, consistent with the terms of such Letters.

    (b)  At  least 30  days  prior to  the Closing  Date,  CHS shall  deliver to
Hallmark a  list  of names  and  addresses of  those  persons who  were  or  are
anticipated  to be,  in CHS's  reasonable judgment,  at the  time the  Merger is
submitted to a vote  of the stockholders  of CHS, Affiliates  of CHS within  the
meaning  of Rule 145. CHS shall  provide Hallmark such information and documents
as Hallmark shall reasonably  request for purposes of  reviewing such list.  CHS
shall use all reasonable efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered to Hallmark
prior  to the Closing Date, from each of the Affiliates of CHS identified in the
foregoing list, an Affiliate Letter in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B.

    7.11.  EXPENSES.  Whether  or not the Merger  is consummated, all costs  and
expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  this  Agreement  and  the transactions
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses except as
set forth in Section 9.5 hereof and except that (a) the filing fee in connection
with the HSR Act filing, (b) the filing fee in connection with the filing of the
Form S-4 or  Proxy Statement/Prospectus with  the SEC, (c)  the filing fees  and
counsel  fees  and expenses  incurred by  CHS in  connection with  obtaining the
necessary state securities  or "Blue  Sky" law  permits and  approvals, (d)  the
expenses  incurred in connection with printing and  mailing the Form S-4 and the
Proxy  Statement/Prospectus,   and  (e)   any  expenses   incurred  to   perform
environmental  assessments  or  surveys  of real  property  owned  or  leased by
Hallmark, shall be shared equally by Hallmark and CHS.

    7.12.  INDEMNIFICATION  AND INSURANCE.   (a)  From and  after the  Effective
Time,  Surviving Corporation  shall indemnify, defend  and hold  harmless to the
same extent provided under the Certificate of Incorporation and/or Bylaws of CHS
as such documents were in effect on the date of this Agreement, each person  who
as  of  the date  immediately  prior to  the Effective  Time  was an  officer or
director of Hallmark  or any Subsidiary  thereof (individually, an  "Indemnified
Party" and collectively, the "Indemnified Parties"), against all losses, claims,
damages,  liabilities, costs or expenses  (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
based upon or arising from  his acts or omissions as  an officer or director  of
Hallmark;  provided, however, that the indemnification provided herein shall not
apply to any claim against an Indemnified Person if such Indemnified Person  had
actual  knowledge of the existence of the claim  and failed to make a good faith
effort to  require  Hallmark  to  notify its  existing  directors  and  officers
liability insurance carriers of the existence of such claim prior to the Closing
Date;  provided,  however,  that  the  immediately  preceding  clause  shall not
preclude the  advancement of  expenses  in accordance  with the  Certificate  of
Incorporation and/or Bylaws of CHS, subject to an Indemnified Party's obligation
to  repay such  advances if  it shall  ultimately be  determined that  he is not
entitled to be indemnified by CHS.

    (b) For  a period  of five  years after  the Effective  Time, the  Surviving
Corporation  shall not amend the provisions  of its Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws  providing for  exculpation  of director  and officer  liability  and
indemnification, as such documents were in effect on the date of this Agreement,
in  any  respect that  would diminish  or  otherwise jeopardize  the Indemnified
Parties' rights of indemnification thereunder, unless required by law or by  the
Surviving Corporation's then existing directors and officers liability insurance
carriers.

                                      A-23
<PAGE>
    (c)  For a period of five years after the Effective Time, CHS shall cause to
be maintained director and officer liability insurance in an amount equal to  or
greater than $15,000,000 covering any of the Indemnified Parties.

    (d)  CHS shall pay all expenses,  including reasonable attorneys' fees, that
may be incurred by any Indemnified Parties in enforcing the indemnity and  other
obligations provided for in this Section 7.12.

    (e)  Each Indemnified Party hereby releases, effective at the Effective Time
of the Merger, CHS and the Surviving Corporation from any obligation that either
of them  may  have  (including  any obligation  as  successor  to  Hallmark)  to
indemnify  such Indemnified Party for acts taken by such Indemnified Party as an
officer  and/or  director  and/or  employee  of  Hallmark  and/or  any  of   its
Subsidiaries, except to the extent set forth in this Section 7.12.

    7.13.  CERTAIN BENEFITS.

    (a) From and after the Effective Time, subject to applicable law, and except
as  contemplated hereby with respect to the  Hallmark Stock Option Plans and the
termination of Hallmark's 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 1990 Long-Term  Cash
Incentive  Plan for Non-Executive Officers and  Other Key Employees (Fiscal 1993
Awards), CHS and its Subsidiaries will honor in accordance with their terms, all
Hallmark Benefit  Plans  listed in  the  Hallmark Disclosure  Letter;  provided,
however, that nothing herein shall preclude any change effected on a prospective
basis  in  any such  Hallmark Benefit  Plan  that is  permitted pursuant  to the
following sentence of this Section 7.13. For a period of not less than one  year
following   the  Effective  Time,  subject  to   applicable  law,  CHS  and  its
Subsidiaries will  provide  benefits  (or  cash compensation  in  lieu  of  such
benefits),  other than severance arrangements,  to Hallmark employees who become
employees of CHS and  its Subsidiaries which will  under the aforesaid  Hallmark
Benefit  Plans or  under the  CHS Benefit Plans  or any  combination thereof (it
being expressly acknowledged  that different Hallmark  employees may be  covered
under  different combinations  of benefit  plans and  arrangements at  any given
time); provided that CHS shall have the  right to revise coverage under the  CHS
Benefit  Plans during the one-year period as long as such revisions do not cause
a material reduction in the Hallmark employees' overall benefits packages on  an
aggregate  basis as compared  to coverage provided  under the aforesaid Hallmark
Benefit Plans on the Closing  Date. With respect to  the CHS Benefit Plans,  CHS
and  the Surviving Corporation shall grant all Hallmark employees from and after
the Effective Time credit for all  service with Hallmark and its affiliates  and
predecessors prior to the Effective Time for all purposes for which such service
was  recognized by Hallmark. To the extent  CHS Benefit Plans provide medical or
dental welfare  benefits after  the Effective  Time, such  plans shall  allow  a
credit  for  all  employee  service  for Hallmark  and  its  affiliates  for any
preexisting conditions and shall provide that any expenses incurred on or before
the Effective  Time shall  be taken  into account  under CHS  Benefit Plans  for
purposes   of   satisfying  applicable   deductible,  coinsurance   and  maximum
out-of-pocket provisions.

    (b) CHS agrees to employ at the Effective Time all employees of Hallmark and
its Subsidiaries who are employed on  the Closing Date on terms consistent  with
Hallmark's current employment practices and at comparable levels of compensation
and  positions.  Such employment  shall be  at will  and CHS  shall be  under no
obligation to continue to employ any individuals.

    (c) For purposes of this Section  7.13, the term "employees" shall mean  all
current  employees of Hallmark and its Subsidiaries (including those on lay-off,
disability or leave of absence, paid or unpaid).

    7.14.  POOLING; REORGANIZATION.   From and after  the date hereof and  until
the  Effective  Time,  neither CHS  nor  Hallmark  nor any  of  their respective
subsidiaries or  other  affiliates  shall  (i) knowingly  take  any  action,  or
knowingly  fail to take any  action, that would jeopardize  the treatment of the
Merger as a "pooling of interests" for accounting purposes; (ii) knowingly  take
any  action,  or  knowingly  fail  to take  any  action,  that  would jeopardize
qualification of the Merger  as a reorganization within  the meaning of  Section
368(a)  of the Code; or (iii) enter  into any contract, agreement, commitment or
arrangement with respect  to either  of the foregoing.  Following the  Effective
Time,

                                      A-24
<PAGE>
CHS  shall use its best  efforts to conduct its business  in a manner that would
not jeopardize the characterization  of the Merger as  a "pooling of  interests"
for  accounting purposes and  as a reorganization within  the meaning of Section
368(a) of the Code.

    7.15.  GOVERNANCE.  CHS's Board of Directors shall take all action necessary
to cause the  directors comprising the  full Board  of Directors of  CHS at  the
Effective  Time to  be comprised  of eight directors,  consisting of  all of the
current directors of CHS (the "CHS Designees") and Messrs. James McAfee and  Kay
Sladen  (the "Hallmark Designees"). If, prior to  the Effective Time, any of the
CHS Designees or the Hallmark Designees shall decline or be unable to serve as a
director, Hallmark (if  such person  was a Hallmark  Designee) or  CHS (if  such
person  was a  CHS Designee)  shall designate  another person  to serve  in such
person's  stead,   which  person   shall  be   reasonably  acceptable   to   the
non-designating party.

    7.16.   STOCKHOLDER COMMITMENTS.  Simultaneously  with the execution of this
Agreement, each  of  the executive  officers  and directors  of  Hallmark  shall
execute  and  deliver to  CHS a  Stockholder's Commitment  in the  form attached
hereto as Exhibit C.

    7.17.   RESTRUCTURING OF  MERGER.   Upon  the mutual  agreement of  CHS  and
Hallmark,  the Merger shall be restructured in  the form of a reverse triangular
merger  of  Merger  Sub  into  Hallmark,  with  Hallmark  being  the   surviving
corporation.  In  such  event,  this  Agreement  shall  be  deemed appropriately
modified to reflect such form of merger.

                                   ARTICLE 8

    8.  CONDITIONS.

    8.1.   CONDITIONS TO  EACH PARTY'S  OBLIGATION TO  EFFECT THE  MERGER.   The
respective obligation of each party to effect the Merger shall be subject to the
fulfillment at or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

        (a)  This Agreement and the  transactions contemplated hereby shall have
    been approved in  the manner  required by  applicable law  or by  applicable
    regulations of any stock exchange or other regulatory body by the holders of
    the  issued  and outstanding  shares of  capital stock  of Hallmark  and CHS
    entitled to vote thereon.

        (b) The  waiting period  applicable to  the consummation  of the  Merger
    under the HSR Act shall have expired or been terminated.

        (c)  Neither of  the parties  hereto shall  be subject  to any  order or
    injunction  of  a  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  which  prohibits  the
    consummation  of  the transactions  contemplated by  this Agreement.  In the
    event any such order or injunction shall have been issued, each party agrees
    to use its reasonable efforts to have any such injunction lifted.

        (d) The Form  S-4 shall  have become effective  and no  stop order  with
    respect thereto shall be in effect.

        (e)  CHS and Hallmark shall have received  from Arthur Andersen & Co. an
    opinion that the Merger  will be treated as  a "pooling of interests"  under
    applicable accounting standards.

        (f) All consents, authorizations, orders and approvals of (or filings or
    registrations  with) any governmental commission,  board or other regulatory
    body required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance  of
    this  Agreement  shall have  been obtained  or made,  except for  filings in
    connection with the  Merger and  any other  documents required  to be  filed
    after  the Effective Time and  except where the failure  to have obtained or
    made  any   such  consent,   authorization,  order,   approval,  filing   or
    registration would not have a material adverse effect on the business of CHS
    and  Hallmark  (and  their  respective  Subsidiaries),  taken  as  a  whole,
    following the Effective Time.

                                      A-25
<PAGE>
    8.2.    CONDITIONS TO  OBLIGATION OF  HALLMARK  TO EFFECT  THE MERGER.   The
obligation of Hallmark to effect the Merger shall be subject to the  fulfillment
at or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions:

        (a)  CHS shall have performed its agreements contained in this Agreement
    required  to  be  performed  on  or  prior  to  the  Closing  Date  and  the
    representations  and  warranties of  CHS and  Merger  Sub contained  in this
    Agreement and in any document delivered in connection herewith shall be true
    and correct  as of  the Closing  Date, and  Hallmark shall  have received  a
    certificate  of the Chairman  and President of CHS,  dated the Closing Date,
    certifying to such effect;  provided however, that notwithstanding  anything
    herein  to the contrary,  this Section 8.2(a)  shall be deemed  to have been
    satisfied even  if  such representations  or  warranties are  not  true  and
    correct,  unless the failure of any  of the representations or warranties to
    be so true and correct  would have or would be  reasonably likely to have  a
    CHS Material Adverse Effect.

        (b) Hallmark shall have received the opinion of King and Spalding, dated
    the  Closing Date, to the effect that the Merger will be treated for Federal
    income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)
    of the Code, and that the conversion in the Merger of Hallmark Common  Stock
    and Redeemable Preferred Stock into CHS Common Stock will not result in gain
    or loss to the holders thereof.

        (c) Hallmark shall have received a "comfort" letter from Arthur Andersen
    &  Co., of the kind contemplated by the Statement of Auditing Standards with
    respect to Letters to Underwriters promulgated by the American Institute  of
    Certified  Public  Accountants (the  "AICPA  Statement"), dated  the Closing
    Date,  in  form  and  substance  reasonably  satisfactory  to  Hallmark,  in
    connection  with  the  procedures undertaken  by  them with  respect  to the
    financial statements of CHS and its Subsidiaries contained in the Form  S-4,
    and  the other matters  contemplated by the  AICPA Statement and customarily
    included in comfort letters relating to transactions similar to the Merger.

        (d) From the date  of this Agreement through  the Effective Time,  there
    shall  not have occurred any change  in the financial condition, business or
    operations of CHS and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, that would have or
    would be reasonably likely to have a CHS Material Adverse Effect other  than
    any  such  change that  affects  both Hallmark  and  CHS in  a substantially
    similar manner; provided,  however, that any  determination with respect  to
    the  occurrence of a CHS Material Adverse Effect shall exclude the effect of
    expenses incurred by CHS in connection with this Agreement.

        (e) Hallmark shall  have received  an opinion  from McGlinchey  Stafford
    Lang,  A Law Corporation,  special counsel to  CHS, dated as  of the Closing
    Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Hallmark.

    8.3.   CONDITIONS  TO  OBLIGATION  OF  CHS AND  MERGER  SUB  TO  EFFECT  THE
MERGER.   The obligations  of CHS and Merger  Sub to effect  the Merger shall be
subject to the  fulfillment at or  prior to  the Closing Date  of the  following
conditions:

        (a)  Hallmark  shall have  performed  its agreements  contained  in this
    Agreement required to be performed on or  prior to the Closing Date and  the
    representations  and warranties of Hallmark  contained in this Agreement and
    in any document delivered in connection  herewith shall be true and  correct
    as  of the Closing  Date, and CHS  shall have received  a certificate of the
    Chairman and President of  Hallmark, dated the  Closing Date, certifying  to
    such  effect; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to the
    contrary, this Section 8.3(a) shall be deemed to have been satisfied even if
    such representations  or warranties  are not  true and  correct, unless  the
    failure  of  any of  the representations  or  warranties to  be so  true and
    correct would have or would be reasonably likely to have a Hallmark Material
    Adverse Effect.

        (b) CHS shall have received the  opinion of McGlinchey Stafford Lang,  A
    Law  Corporation, special  counsel to  CHS, dated  the Closing  Date, to the
    effect that the Merger will be treated for

                                      A-26
<PAGE>
    Federal income  tax  purposes as  a  reorganization within  the  meaning  of
    Section  368(a) of the Code, and that CHS  and Hallmark will each be a party
    to that reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code.

        (c) CHS shall have  received a "comfort" letter  from Arthur Andersen  &
    Co.,  of the  kind contemplated  by the  AICPA Statement,  dated the Closing
    Date, in form and  substance reasonably satisfactory  to CHS, in  connection
    with  the  procedures  undertaken  by them  with  respect  to  the financial
    statements and other financial information of Hallmark and its  Subsidiaries
    contained  in the Form S-4  and the other matters  contemplated by the AICPA
    Statement  and  customarily   included  in  comfort   letters  relating   to
    transactions similar to the Merger.

        (d)  From the date  of this Agreement through  the Effective Time, there
    shall not have occurred any change  in the financial condition, business  or
    operations of Hallmark and its Subsidiaries, taken as whole, that would have
    or  would be reasonably  likely to have a  Hallmark Material Adverse Effect,
    other than  any  such  change  that  affects both  Hallmark  and  CHS  in  a
    substantially similar manner; provided, however, that any determination with
    respect  to  the  occurrence of  a  Hallmark Material  Adverse  Effect shall
    exclude the effect of expenses incurred by Hallmark in connection with  this
    Agreement.

        (e)  CHS  and Merger  Sub shall  have  received an  opinion from  King &
    Spalding, special counsel to Hallmark, dated as of the Closing Date, in form
    and substance reasonably satisfactory to CHS and Merger Sub.

        (f) CHS shall  have received  from not  less than  75% by  value of  the
    participants in Hallmark's 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan an executed Consent
    to the termination of such plan in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

                                   ARTICLE 9

    9.  TERMINATION.

    9.1.   TERMINATION BY MUTUAL CONSENT.   This Agreement may be terminated and
the Merger may be abandoned at any  time prior to the Effective Time, before  or
after  the approval of this Agreement by the stockholders of Hallmark or CHS, by
the mutual consent of CHS and Hallmark.

    9.2.   TERMINATION  BY  EITHER CHS  OR  HALLMARK.   This  Agreement  may  be
terminated  and the Merger may be abandoned  by action of the Board of Directors
of either CHS or Hallmark if (a)  the Merger shall not have been consummated  by
December  31, 1994, or  (b) the approval of  Hallmark's stockholders required by
Section 8.1(a) shall not have been obtained at a meeting duly convened  therefor
or at any adjournment thereof, or (c) the approval of CHS' stockholders required
by  Section  8.1(a) shall  not have  been  obtained at  a meeting  duly convened
therefor or at any adjournment thereof, or (d) a United States federal or  state
court  of competent jurisdiction or United States federal or state governmental,
regulatory or administrative agency  or commission shall  have issued an  order,
decree or ruling or taken any other action permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise  prohibiting the transactions contemplated  by this Agreement and such
order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;
provided, that the party  seeking to terminate this  Agreement pursuant to  this
clause  (d) shall  have used all  reasonable efforts to  remove such injunction,
order or decree; and further provided, in the case of a termination pursuant  to
clause  (a) above,  that the  terminating party shall  not have  breached in any
material respect its  obligations under this  Agreement in a  manner that  shall
have  proximately contributed  to the occurrence  of the failure  referred to in
said clause.

    9.3.  TERMINATION  BY HALLMARK.   This Agreement may  be terminated and  the
Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, before or after
the adoption and approval by the stockholders of Hallmark referred to in Section
8.1(a),  by action of the Board of Directors of Hallmark, if (a) in the exercise
of its good faith judgment  as to its fiduciary  duties to its stockholders  the
Board  of Directors  of Hallmark  shall have failed  to recommend  or shall have
withdrawn or modified its

                                      A-27
<PAGE>
recommendation or approval of the  transactions contemplated by this  Agreement,
or  (b) there has  been a breach by  CHS or Merger Sub  of any representation or
warranty contained in  this Agreement which  would have or  would be  reasonably
likely  to have a CHS Material Adverse Effect,  or (c) there has been a material
breach of any of the covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement on  the
part  of CHS, which breach is not curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30
days after written  notice of such  breach is given  by Hallmark to  CHS or  (d)
there  has  been a  breach  by CHS  of  its covenant  in  Section 7.3  hereof to
recommend approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

    9.4.  TERMINATION BY CHS.  This  Agreement may be terminated and the  Merger
may  be abandoned at any  time prior to the Effective  Time, before or after the
adoption and approval by the stockholders of CHS referred to in Section  8.1(a),
by  action of the Board of  Directors of CHS, if (a)  there has been a breach by
Hallmark of any  representation or  warranty contained in  this Agreement  which
would  have or would  be reasonably likely  to have a  Hallmark Material Adverse
Effect; or (b)  there has  been a  material breach of  any of  the covenants  or
agreements  set forth in this Agreement on the part of Hallmark, which breach is
not curable or, if curable, is not cured within 30 days after written notice  of
such breach is given by CHS to Hallmark; or (c) another entity, person, or group
(as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) commences a public offer to
acquire at least 990,136 shares of Hallmark Common Stock at a price per share in
excess  of $23.00  per share and,  in fact,  acquires pursuant to  said offer or
otherwise at least 990,136 shares of Hallmark Common Stock or it shall have been
publicly disclosed or CHS shall have  learned that any entity, person, or  group
shall  have acquired at least 990,136 shares  of Hallmark Common Stock, or shall
have been granted any option or  right, conditional or otherwise, to acquire  at
least  990,136 shares of Hallmark  Common Stock; or (d)  Hallmark enters into an
agreement providing for  a business  combination whereby Hallmark,  or at  least
990,136  shares  of  Hallmark  Common  Stock, or  all  or  substantially  all of
Hallmark's assets are to be acquired by, or Hallmark is to be consolidated with,
a person or entity other  than CHS or a Subsidiary  or affiliate of CHS; or  (e)
there  has been a material breach by  Hallmark of any of the covenants contained
in Section 7.1 hereof or  a breach of such  Section resulting in an  Acquisition
Proposal,  or  a breach  of  its covenant  in  Section 7.3  hereof  to recommend
approval of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

    9.5.  EFFECT OF TERMINATION AND ABANDONMENT.

    (a) If (i) Hallmark terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or
(ii) CHS  terminates this  Agreement  pursuant to  Sections 9.4(c),  9.4(d),  or
9.4(e),  and as of the date of such termination, (x) there has been no breach by
CHS of a  representation or  warranty which would  have or  would be  reasonably
likely  to have a CHS Material Adverse Effect, or (y) there has been no material
breach of any of the covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement on  the
part  of CHS, then  immediately, but in  any event not  later than five business
days after such termination, Hallmark shall pay  to CHS an amount in cash  equal
to $8,000,000, plus actual out of pocket expenses incurred by CHS and Merger Sub
in  connection  with the  transactions  contemplated hereby  (including  but not
limited to fees and  disbursements of counsel, fees  and expenses of  investment
bankers, accountants and lenders, and printing costs) in an amount not exceeding
$1,500,000 (collectively, the "CHS Fee").

    (b) If (i) Hallmark terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.3(b), or
(ii) CHS terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.4(a), then immediately,
but  in any event not later than  five business days after such termination, the
non-terminating party shall pay to the terminating party an amount equal to such
terminating party's actual out  of pocket expenses  incurred by the  terminating
party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (including but not
limited  to fees and  disbursements of counsel, fees  and expenses of investment
bankers, accountants and lenders, and printing costs) in an amount not exceeding
$2,000,000 (the "Termination Fee"); provided, however, that the Termination  Fee
shall  not be payable if, as of the date of such termination, (x) there has been
a breach by the  terminating party of a  representation or warranty which  would
have or would be

                                      A-28
<PAGE>
reasonably  likely to have,  a CHS Material Adverse  Effect or Hallmark Material
Adverse Effect, as the case may be, or  (y) there has been a material breach  of
any  of the covenants or  agreements set forth in this  Agreement on the part of
the terminating party.

    (c) In the event of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment of the
Merger pursuant to this Article 9,  all obligations of the parties hereto  shall
terminate,  except the obligations  of the parties pursuant  to this Section 9.5
and Section 7.11  and except for  the provisions of  Sections 10.3, 10.4,  10.6,
10.8,  10.9,  10.12,  10.13 and  10.14.  In  the event  of  termination  of this
Agreement pursuant to Sections  9.3 or 9.4, nothing  herein shall prejudice  the
ability of the non-breaching party from seeking damages from any other party for
any  breach of this Agreement, including without limitation, attorneys' fees and
the right to pursue  any remedy at  law or in  equity unless such  non-breaching
party  has  received  the  Termination  Fee,  in  which  event,  such  fee shall
constitute liquidated damages and the non-breaching party shall have no right to
pursue any  other  remedy; and  provided  further, that  in  the event  CHS  has
received  the CHS Fee, it shall not (i) assert or pursue in any manner, directly
or indirectly, any  claim or  cause of  action based in  whole or  in part  upon
alleged  tortious or other interference with rights under this Agreement against
any entity or person submitting an Acquisition Proposal or (ii) assert or pursue
in any manner,  directly or  indirectly, any claim  or cause  of action  against
Hallmark  or any of its officers or directors based in whole or in part upon its
or their receipt, consideration, recommendation,  or approval of an  Acquisition
Proposal  or  Hallmark's  exercise of  its  right of  termination  under Section
9.3(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event either party is required  to
file  suit to seek  any such fee, and  it ultimately succeeds  on the merits, it
shall be  entitled to  all expenses,  including attorneys'  fees, which  it  has
incurred in enforcing its rights hereunder.

    9.6.  EXTENSION; WAIVER.  At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party
hereto,  by action taken by  its Board of Directors,  may, to the extent legally
allowed, (a) extend the time  for the performance of  any of the obligations  or
other  acts  of the  other parties  hereto,  (b) waive  any inaccuracies  in the
representations and warranties  made to such  party contained herein  or in  any
document  delivered pursuant  hereto and  (c) waive  compliance with  any of the
agreements or conditions  for the benefit  of such party  contained herein.  Any
agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be
valid  only if set  forth in an instrument  in writing signed  on behalf of such
party.

                                   ARTICLE 10

    10.  GENERAL PROVISIONS.

    10.1.   NONSURVIVAL  OF REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES  AND AGREEMENTS.    All
representations,   warranties  and  agreements  in  this  Agreement  or  in  any
instrument delivered pursuant to  this Agreement shall be  deemed to the  extent
expressly  provided herein to be conditions to  the Merger and shall not survive
the Merger, provided, however, that the agreements contained in Article 4 and in
Sections 7.12,  7.13, 7.14  and 7.15  and this  Article 10,  and the  agreements
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Merger.

    10.2.    NOTICES.   Any  notice  required  to be  given  hereunder  shall be
sufficient if in  writing, and  sent by  facsimile transmission  and by  courier
service  (with proof of service), hand  delivery or certified or registered mail
(return  receipt  requested  and  first-class  postage  prepaid),  addressed  as
follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>
If to CHS or Merger Sub:              If to Hallmark:
  3707 FM 1960 West, Suite 500          300 Galleria Parkway, Suite 650
  Houston, TX 77068                     Atlanta, GA 30339
  Attn: E. Thomas Chaney                Attn: Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
        President                             President
</TABLE>

                                      A-29
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>
With a copy to:                       With a copy to:
  McGlinchey Stafford Lang              King & Spalding
  2777 Stemmons Freeway, Ste. 925       191 Peachtree Street
  Dallas, Texas 75207                   Atlanta, Georgia 30303
  Attn: Alan Jacobs, Esq.               Attn: Robert Miller, Esq.
</TABLE>

or  to such other address as any party shall specify by written notice so given,
and such  notice shall  be deemed  to  have been  delivered as  of the  date  so
telecommunicated, personally delivered or mailed.

    10.3.   ASSIGNMENT; BINDING EFFECT; BENEFIT.  Neither this Agreement nor any
of the rights, interests  or obligations hereunder shall  be assigned by any  of
the  parties hereto (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior
written consent of the  other parties. Subject to  the preceding sentence,  this
Agreement  shall be binding upon  and shall inure to  the benefit of the parties
hereto and  their respective  successors and  assigns. Notwithstanding  anything
contained  in  this Agreement  to  the contrary,  except  for the  provisions of
Article 4 and Sections  7.12 and 7.13, nothing  in this Agreement, expressed  or
implied,  is intended to confer  on any person other  than the parties hereto or
their respective heirs,  successors, executors, administrators  and assigns  any
rights,  remedies,  obligations  or  liabilities  under  or  by  reason  of this
Agreement.

    10.4.   ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.    This Agreement,  the  Exhibits,  the  Hallmark
Disclosure  Letter, the  CHS Disclosure  Letter, the  Confidentiality Agreement,
dated April 12, 1994,  between Hallmark and CHS  and any documents delivered  by
the  parties in  connection herewith constitute  the entire  agreement among the
parties with  respect to  the  subject matter  hereof  and supersede  all  prior
agreements and understandings among the parties with respect hereto. No addition
to  or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding upon any
party hereto unless made in writing and signed by all parties hereto.

    10.5.  AMENDMENT.  This Agreement may  be amended by the parties hereto,  by
action  taken by  their respective  Boards of Directors,  at any  time before or
after approval  of  matters presented  in  connection  with the  Merger  by  the
stockholders  of Hallmark and  CHS, but after any  such stockholder approval, no
amendment  shall  be  made  which  by  law  requires  the  further  approval  of
stockholders  without obtaining such further approval. This Agreement may not be
amended except by  an instrument  in writing  signed on  behalf of  each of  the
parties hereto.

    10.6.   GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its rules of
conflict  of   laws.  Each   of  Hallmark   and  CHS   hereby  irrevocably   and
unconditionally  consents to submit to the  exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of the State  of Delaware and  of the United  States of America  located in  the
State  of Delaware (the "Delaware Courts") for  any litigation arising out of or
relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and  agrees
not  to commence any litigation relating  thereto except in such courts), waives
any objection to  the laying of  venue of  any such litigation  in the  Delaware
Courts  and  agrees  not to  plead  or claim  in  any Delaware  Court  that such
litigation brought therein has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

    10.7.  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement  may be executed by the parties  hereto
in  separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be
an original, but  all such counterparts  shall together constitute  one and  the
same  instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a number of copies hereof each
signed by less than all, but together signed by all of the parties hereto.

    10.8.  HEADINGS.   Headings of the Articles  and Sections of this  Agreement
are  for the convenience of the parties  only, and shall be given no substantive
or interpretive effect whatsoever.

    10.9.   INTERPRETATION.   In this  Agreement, unless  the context  otherwise
requires, words describing the singular number shall include the plural and vice
versa,  and  words  denoting any  gender  shall  include all  genders  and words
denoting natural persons  shall include corporations  and partnerships and  vice
versa.

                                      A-30
<PAGE>
    10.10.   WAIVERS.   Except  as provided in  this Agreement,  no action taken
pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any investigation  by
or  on behalf of any party, shall be  deemed to constitute a waiver by the party
taking such action of compliance with any representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements contained in this Agreement. The  waiver by any party hereto of  a
breach  of any provision hereunder shall not operate or be construed as a waiver
of any prior or subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereunder.

    10.11.  INCORPORATION OF EXHIBITS.  The Hallmark Disclosure Letter, the  CHS
Disclosure  Letter and all  Exhibits attached hereto and  referred to herein are
hereby incorporated herein and made a part  hereof for all purposes as if  fully
set forth herein.

    10.12.   SEVERABILITY.   Any  term or provision  of this  Agreement which is
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction,  be
ineffective  to  the  extent  of  such  invalidity  or  unenforceability without
rendering invalid or unenforceable  the remaining terms  and provisions of  this
Agreement  or affecting the  validity or enforceability  of any of  the terms or
provisions of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. If any provision of this
Agreement is so broad as to be unenforceable, the provision shall be interpreted
to be only so broad as is enforceable.

    10.13.  ENFORCEMENT OF AGREEMENT.  The parties hereto agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement was
not performed in accordance with its  specific terms or was otherwise  breached.
It  is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or
injunctions to prevent breaches  of this Agreement  and to enforce  specifically
the terms and provisions hereof in any Delaware Court, this being in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

    10.14.  SUBSIDIARIES.  As used in this Agreement, the word "Subsidiary" when
used  with respect  to any  party means  any corporation  or other organization,
whether  incorporated  or  unincorporated,  of  which  such  party  directly  or
indirectly  owns or  controls at  least a  majority of  the securities  or other
interests having by their terms ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the
board of directors or others performing  similar functions with respect to  such
corporation  or other organization, or any organization of which such party is a
general partner.  When a  reference is  made in  this Agreement  to  Significant
Subsidiaries,  the words "Significant Subsidiaries"  shall refer to Subsidiaries
(as defined above)  which constitute "significant  subsidiaries" under Rule  405
promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act.

    10.15.    MATERIALITY.   (a)    Without  limiting what  may  constitute, for
purposes of this Agreement, a Hallmark Material Adverse Effect, any single event
or series of related events that exceeds,  or the effect or result of which  can
reasonably  be expected to exceed, individually  or in the aggregate, $8,000,000
shall be  deemed to  be material.  In determining  whether a  representation  or
warranty  of  Hallmark  is  true  and  correct  in  all  material  respects, all
references to  the word  "material" shall  be disregarded,  and any  untruth  or
incorrectness  shall be measured, if measurable  as a dollar amount, against the
definition of materiality in the  preceding sentence or any other  determination
of materiality.

    (b)  Without limiting what may constitute, for purposes of this Agreement, a
CHS Material Adverse Effect, any single  event or series of related events  that
exceeds,  or the effect or result of which can reasonably be expected to exceed,
individually or in the aggregate, $8,000,000 shall be deemed to be material.  In
determining  whether a representation or  warranty of CHS or  Merger Sub is true
and correct in  all material  respects, all  references to  the word  "material"
shall  be disregarded,  and any untruth  or incorrectness shall  be measured, if
measurable as a  dollar amount,  against the  definition of  materiality in  the
preceding sentence or any other determination of materiality.

                                      A-31
<PAGE>
    IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement and caused the
same to be  duly delivered on  their behalf on  the day and  year first  written
above.

<TABLE>
<S>                                           <C>
                                              COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

ATTEST:

By: /s/TYREE G. WILBURN                       By: /s/E. THOMAS CHANEY
   ----------------------------                  ----------------------------
    TYREE G. WILBURN                              E. THOMAS CHANEY

                                              COMMUNITY ACQUISITION CORP.

ATTEST:

By: /s/TYREE G. WILBURN                       By: /s/E. THOMAS CHANEY
   ----------------------------                  ----------------------------
    TYREE G. WILBURN                              E. THOMAS CHANEY

                                              HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

ATTEST:

By: /s/PETER J. PIZZO, III                    By: /s/ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.
   ----------------------------                  ----------------------------
    PETER J. PIZZO, III                           ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.
</TABLE>

                                      A-32
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2 (EXHIBIT C - 94MSE2151)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                          AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT







                              JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.

                      CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER





                                       AND




                         HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION

<PAGE>
                           AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT



     This AGREEMENT, originally dated as of July 1, 1989 and amended as of
March 1, 1994, by and between Hallmark Healthcare Corporation (the "Company"), a
Delaware corporation with its principal office in Atlanta, Georgia, and James T.
McAfee, Jr. ("Officer"),

                                 WITNESSETH THAT

     WHEREAS, the Company is a corporation engaged in providing healthcare and
related services to the public; and

     WHEREAS, the Company wishes to employ Officer and Officer is willing to be
employed in an executive, managerial capacity upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and obligations
contained herein, the Company hereby agrees to employ Officer and Officer hereby
agrees to be employed upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth:

1.   TERM OF EMPLOYMENT.

     The Company hereby employs Officer and Officer hereby accepts such
employment upon the terms and conditions hereof for a term commencing on the
date of this Agreement as set forth above and, subject to the following
sentences of this Paragraph, ending on September 30, 1996.  Unless Officer's
employment under this

<PAGE>

Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with Paragraphs 7, 8, 9, 10, 11
or 12 during the period between March 1 and March 31 of 1996 and March 1 and
March 31 each year thereafter, either the Company or Officer may notify the
other in writing of the termination of Officer's employment under this Agreement
effective as of September 30 of such year.  If neither the Company nor Officer
shall notify the other in writing during said period between March 1 and
March 31 of the termination of employment under this Agreement then, unless
Officer's employment is otherwise terminated pursuant to Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 10
11 or 12, this Agreement shall as of September 30 immediately thereafter have a
remaining unexpired term of one (1) year.  If either the Company or Officer
shall notify the other in writing prior to any such March 31 of the termination
of employment under this Agreement, such termination shall be effective as of
September 30 of the year including such March 31.  If this Agreement is
terminated by the Company pursuant to this provision other than for reasons
described hereafter in Paragraph 7 or 11, Officer will be entitled to (i) be
paid monthly for a period of three (3) years after termination, severance pay
for each month during such three (3)-year period equal to the highest monthly
rate of base salary paid to Officer at any time under Paragraph 3(a) (or in the
alternative, at the Company's option, promptly pay to Officer a lump sum
severance payment in cash equal to the sum of said monthly payments of base
salary over three (3) years, discounted to present value at a discount rate
equivalent to the average

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

yield to maturity of Treasury Bills of the United States Government, having a
maturity most nearly equivalent to said three (3)-year period, as then being
quoted by three dealers therein selected by the Company), (ii) all unpaid
bonuses referred to in Paragraphs 3(b), 3(d) and 3(e) which have vested together
with that portion of any bonus for the then current fiscal year computed by
prorating such bonus to date of termination, (iii) all other vested stock
options and benefits, and (iv) all disability, life and medical insurance
benefits (as provided prior to such termination) for a period of three (3)
years.  In the event there are any annual bonuses with respect to a fiscal year
which has not ended prior to Officer leaving employment, such bonus shall be
paid on a pro rata basis through the date of termination, based upon performance
against target through fiscal year end.  If this Agreement is terminated by
Officer pursuant to this provision for reasons other than those described in
Paragraph 8 or 11, Officer shall be entitled to all vested bonuses and all stock
options and restricted stock which have vested in accordance with the applicable
plan, and vested other benefits but Officer will not be entitled to any
severance pay under this Paragraph 1.

2.   DUTIES OF OFFICER.

     Officer will during the continuance of his employment hereunder perform the
duties of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Officer will devote a
substantial portion of his working time, attention and abilities to his duties
as Chairman and Chief

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

Executive Officer and will use his best reasonable efforts to promote the
interests and welfare of the Company.  To the extent not inconsistent with his
duties hereunder, Officer may pursue other business or personal activities.
Officer will disclose in advance to the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Committee") in writing any new outside business
activities which could conflict with the Company's business.

3.   COMPENSATION.

     (a)  BASE SALARY.  For all services to be rendered by Officer in any
capacity during the period of his employment under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, services as a executive, officer, director, or member of any
committee of the Company, Officer shall be paid as compensation a base salary at
the rate of not less than $500,000 per annum for fiscal 1994 and thereafter, or
at such higher rate as may from time to time be fixed by the Committee, payable
in accordance with the customary payroll practices of the Company, but in no
event less frequently than monthly.

     (b)  ANNUAL BONUS.  As additional compensation for all services rendered by
Officer during the period of his employment under this Agreement (i.e.,
subsequent to June 30, 1989), Officer will participate in an Annual Bonus
Program hereafter described in Attachment A.  Officer will have a target bonus
calculated as seventy-five percent (75%) of his base salary, subject to his
performance against Company objectives pre-established by the Committee.  In

                                       -4-

<PAGE>

the event additional bonus plans are instituted by the Committee, Officer may
also be included in said plans at the discretion of such Committee.

     (c)  LONG-TERM STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN--1989.  As of the date of this Amended
Employment Agreement, the parties acknowledge that the grants and awards to
Officer of restricted stock and options under the Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan
have vested.

     (d)  AMENDED LONG-TERM CASH INCENTIVE PLAN-1990.  As of the date of this
Amended Employment Agreement, the parties acknowledge that awards to Officer
under the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan-1990, as amended, have vested and will
be paid in accordance with and subject to the conditions contained in such plan,
as amended.

     (e)  1993 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN.  Officer shall also participate in the
1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan, pursuant to which Officer shall be granted an
award which, if it becomes vested under the terms of such plan, shall result in
the payment to Officer of one hundred percent (100%) of the Officer's annual
base salary for each of the Company's fiscal years 1994, 1995 and 1996; and such
award shall be payable in accordance with the terms of such plan.

     (f)  1993 STOCK OPTION PLAN.  Officer shall also participate in the 1993
Stock Option Plan.  Officer and the Company acknowledge that Officer has been
granted an option to purchase 22,606 shares of the Corporation's Class A Common
Stock under such

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

Plan; and Officer shall be eligible, in the discretion of the Compensation
Committee, to be granted additional options under such Plan.

4.   REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES.

     The Company shall pay, or reimburse Officer in accordance with the
Company's prevailing corporate policy for reasonable travel and other expenses
incurred by Officer in performing his duties under this Agreement in accordance
with corporate policy.  Reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by
Officer in connection with any enforcement of this Agreement shall be reimbursed
by the Company provided the Officer prevails in any such enforcement
proceedings.

5.   PARTICIPATION IN BENEFIT PLANS.

     The payments provided in other paragraphs of this Agreement are in addition
to any benefits and perquisites to which Officer may be or may become entitled
under any present or future employment benefit and perquisite plan or program,
or executive contingent compensation plan of the Company for which senior
executives are or shall become eligible, and Officer shall be eligible to
receive during the period of his employment under this Agreement, benefits and
emoluments for which senior executives are eligible under every plan or program
to the extent permissible under the general terms and provisions thereof.

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

     In further consideration of his employment by the Company, Officer shall be
entitled to the following benefits:

     (a)  Insurance as follows:

          (1)  Health, accident and dental insurance for Officer and his
dependents and long-term disability insurance for Officer, all in amounts and
coverage comparable to that presently provided by the Company to the most senior
officers of the Company.  Company shall provide to Officer proof that he and his
dependents are properly covered by all of the aforesaid types of insurance
without any exclusion or exceptions for pre-existing conditions.

          (2)  Term life insurance in the amount of four times his then-base
salary (but in no event greater than $1,500,000), the beneficiary of which will
be designated in the sole discretion of Officer.  If for any reason during the
term hereof any required policy or coverage is cancelled or coverage denied for
any reason, the Company agrees to provide Officer with replacement insurance in
the required amount so long as said insurance is available at commercially
reasonable rates.  The Company shall cause so much of said insurance to be
included under an Employee Group Term Life Insurance Plan which qualifies under
IRC Section 79 so that the cost of said insurance, to the maximum extent
allowable by law, will not be includable in the gross taxable income of Officer.

     (b)  The Company shall make available to Officer an Executive Allowance
Fund to reimburse Officer for personal legal, accounting, and financial services
expenses, reasonable spouse business travel, and country club dues in an amount
not to exceed

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

$20,000 per year.  Expenses to be reimbursed from the Executive Allowance Fund
shall be documented in accordance with prevailing Company policy.  The Company
shall also make available to Officer an automobile allowance of $20,000 per year
less any auto leasing expenses (including insurance, taxes and rentals) paid by
the Company in respect of any leased auto provided to Officer.  Such automobile
allowance shall be in lieu of any reimbursement for auto-related expenses
incurred by Officer and no further mileage, insurance or other operating expense
shall be required to be paid by the Company (exclusive of rental car expense
incurred when travelling away from the Company's home office on Company
business).

     (c)  Reimbursement for reasonable initiation fees not to exceed $35,000 at
one country club selected by Officer during his employment by the Company.

     (d)  An annual physical examination of Officer to be conducted by a
physician that is Board certified to be selected by the Officer and acceptable
to the Board of Directors, the complete cost of which shall be borne by the
Company to the extent not otherwise paid by insurance or other benefits provided
by the Company.  The Committee shall be furnished the results of the physical
examination.

     (e)  Five (5) weeks of annual paid vacation to be taken in the sole
discretion of Officer.  To the extent said full five (5) weeks are not taken in
any calendar year, up to one (1) week of unused vacation may be carried into the
succeeding year.

                                       -8-

<PAGE>


     (f)  A reasonable number of paid sick days in accordance with prevailing
Company policy to be taken solely in the discretion of Officer.

6.   INDEMNITY AND DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS LIABILITY INSURANCE.

     (a)  The Company agrees to indemnify and save harmless Officer from all
liability and costs incurred (including reasonable attorney's fees and
disbursements) as a consequence of claims by third parties, whether or not
derivatively on behalf of the Company (or, after a Change of Control as defined
in Paragraph 11 hereof, by the Company against the Officer or by the Officer
against the Company), resulting from or growing out of Officer's current status
as or as a result of his having been a director and/or officer of the Company.
The terms, provisions and conditions of the indemnity provided for hereunder are
to be the same as those presently provided for under the Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company.  Said terms, provisions and conditions
of indemnity shall remain an obligation of the Company to Officer from and after
the date hereof regardless of how the Company might hereafter amend or change
its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws to provide for different terms,
conditions and provisions of indemnity for other officers and directors of the
Company.  In the event the Company should amend its Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws to provide for different terms, conditions and provisions of indemnity
after the effective date hereof, Officer shall be notified in writing of the
change.

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

Officer shall thereafter have thirty (30) days to elect in writing to accept the
changed conditions of indemnity or to continue under the terms of indemnity as
provided for herein.  The Company's agreement to provide indemnity hereunder
shall survive the termination of this contract regardless of the cause of
termination.  The Company shall advance promptly as incurred reasonable fees and
disbursements of counsel for Officer in defending Officer against any claims for
which the Company would be so required to indemnify Officer provided (i) Officer
shall execute a promissory note payable to the Company evidencing such advance
if requested by the Company and otherwise comply with such other requirements of
Delaware Law or the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company as
shall be reasonably requested by the Company and (ii) Officer shall cause such
counsel to cooperate fully in good faith with such requests as the Company or
its counsel may reasonably make in order to endeavor to keep such legal fees at
the minimum level consistent with an adequate defense of Officer.

     (b)  The Company agrees to the extent available at commercially reasonable
rates to maintain Directors and Officers Liability Insurance in form and amount
substantially equal to that presently maintained by the Company.  In the event
of a termination of or by Officer hereunder, the Company shall to the extent
available at commercially reasonable rates immediately purchase a tail to the
then-existing directors and officers liability insurance to provide Officer with
continued insurance

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

coverage against claims made as a consequence of his having been a director
and/or officer of the Company.  Such insurance shall be maintained for a period
of twenty-four (24) months in the event of voluntary termination by Officer
pursuant to Paragraph 1 and for the period during which Officer shall be
entitled to severance pay in the event of any other termination.

7.   TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE.

     The Company may terminate this Agreement for just and substantial cause but
only after written notice as approved by a majority of the Board of Directors
specifying the cause of such action shall be rendered to Officer.  Prior to any
such termination, Officer shall be granted an opportunity (together with counsel
if so desired by officer) to appear before the Board of Directors and by heard
concerning the existence of just and substantial cause.  Just and substantial
cause shall mean:  (1) conviction of a felony or commission of illegal acts
involving moral turpitude; and (2) commission of an act or acts of dishonesty on
the part of Officer when such acts are intended to result, directly or
indirectly, in substantial gain or personal enrichment of Officer at the expense
of the Company or otherwise cause harm to the Company.  In such event, Officer
shall be entitled to vested stock options, salary actually earned prior to
termination as well as vested bonuses and vested restricted shares.  No
severance pay would be owing in the event of termination pursuant to this
Paragraph.

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

8.   TERMINATION BY OFFICER.

     In addition to his right to resign from the Company's employ pursuant to
any other provision of this Agreement, Officer may resign from the Company's
employ pursuant to the provisions of the next sentence, upon (A) failure to
appoint or reappoint Officer to the office of Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer; or (B) material changes by the Company in Officer's function, duties or
responsibilities which would cause Officer's position with the Company to become
of less dignity, responsibility, importance or scope from the position and
attributes thereof described in Paragraph 2 or (C) any material breach of this
Agreement by the Company which shall continue unremedied after thirty (30) days'
prior written notice by Officer to the Company.  Upon the occurrence of any
event described in clauses (A), (B) or (C), Officer shall have the right to
elect to terminate his employment under this Agreement by resignation upon not
less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within a reasonable
period of time not to exceed, except in the case of a continuing breach, three
(3) calendar months after the event giving rise to said right to elect.  Upon
any such termination after the occurrence of an event described in clause (A),
(B) or (C), the Company shall pay Officer, or in the event of his subsequent
death, pay his beneficiary or beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be,
each month (or at Officer's option, the Company shall fund a trust satisfactory
to Officer with an annuity or lump sum sufficient to

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

permit such trust to make such monthly payments) as severance pay, for the
period below described, a sum equal to the highest monthly rate of base salary
paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement, plus stock options and
restricted share grants which have vested in accordance with the Long-Term Stock
Incentive Plan, unpaid bonuses which are vested at time of termination and all
vested benefits.  In the event there are any bonuses with respect to a fiscal
year which has not ended prior to termination, such bonus will be paid on a pro
rata basis to date of termination, based upon performance against target through
fiscal year end.  Payments of base salary shall commence on the last day of the
month following the date of said termination and shall continue for three (3)
years (inclusive of the ninety (90)-day notice period).  Payments of base salary
under this Paragraph, shall be offset by payments made pursuant to any other
company-paid disability or salary continuation programs.

9.   ILLNESS OR DISABILITY.

     It is understood and agreed by the parties that Officer shall not be
considered as breaching this Agreement in the event he becomes unable to perform
services for the Company because of sickness or disability.  In the event that
the Company and Officer are unable to agree whether Officer is unable to perform
services for the Company because of sickness or disability said decision shall
be made by three physicians, one of whom is to be selected by Officer, one of
whom is to be selected by the Board, and the

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

third of whom is to be selected by the previous two.  The decision of said three
physicians shall be binding upon the parties and the cost of such examinations
shall be borne by the Company.  In the event Officer is unable to perform
services for the Company because of sickness or disability, Officer's base
salary shall continue at the level as provided in Paragraph 3(a) for a period of
eighteen (18) months from the date of the final determination of disability by
such panel of three physicians.  These payments of base salary shall be reduced
by any disability payments (exclusive of any payment for medical expenses
payable under group medical insurance plans maintained pursuant to
Paragraph 5(a)(1) or any other Company sponsored disability plan.

     If after a period of six (6) months from the date of the final
determination of disability by the panel of three physicians called for above,
Officer is unable to resume his duties hereunder because of continuing sickness
or disability, then Officer's employment under this Agreement shall be
terminated.  If the Company disputes whether Officer is able or is unable to
return to work, then such determination shall be made by the same panel of
physicians described above.  In the event Officer is determined to be unable to
return to work, he shall be entitled to his base salary as provided in the
preceding Paragraph (reduced by any long-term disability payments provided
Officer as a result of the coverage pursuant to Paragraph 5(a)(1) or any other
Company sponsored long-term disability plan) and to stock options, bonuses,
vested restricted stock and any other vested benefits.

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

  All disability, life and medical insurance as provided prior to termination
shall continue for a period of eighteen (18) months after termination.  In the
event there are any bonuses with respect to a fiscal year which has not ended
prior to Officer leaving employment for disability, such bonus shall be paid on
a pro rata basis through the date of termination of employment, based upon
performance against target through fiscal year end.

10.  DEATH DURING EMPLOYMENT.

     If Officer dies during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to
Officer's estate the compensation which would otherwise be payable to Officer
pursuant to this Agreement up to end of the month in which his death occurs.
This shall include vested stock options, any unpaid bonuses which are vested as
of the date of death, vested restricted stock and vested benefits.  In the event
there are any bonuses with respect to a calendar year which has not ended prior
to Officer's death, such bonus shall be paid on a pro rata basis based upon
performance against target for the fiscal year in which death occurs.

11.  CHANGE OF CONTROL.

     In the event of a material change in ownership of the Company or a transfer
of all or substantially all of its assets, in either case resulting in Change of
Control of the Company prior to September 30, 1996, Officer shall have the right
to terminate his employment under this Agreement by (i) resignation on not less

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within six (6) calendar months
after the occurrence of the Change of Control and (ii) by resignation on not
less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within eighteen (18)
calendar months after such Change of Control and within six (6) months after the
occurrence of any of the following (A) failure to appoint or reappoint Officer
to the office of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or (B) the making of any
material change by the Company in Officer's function, duties or responsibilities
which would cause Officer's position with the Company to become of less dignity,
responsibility, importance or scope from the position and attributes thereof
described in Paragraph 2 or (C) any material breach by the Company not cured
within thirty (30) days' of written notice thereof.  "Change of Control" shall
mean the event by which any "person" (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) either alone or in
conjunction with its "affiliates" as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the
General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or
other group of persons, corporations, partnerships or other entities who are not
"affiliates" but who are acting in concert, acquire ownership of record or
beneficially that number of shares of the outstanding stock of the Company which
would allow such person or entity and/or its affiliates, or others acting in
concert, to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided,
however, "Change of Control" shall not include any acquisition of

                                      -16-

<PAGE>

control referred to above (i) by the Officer acting alone or in concert with one
or more of the Company's five most senior officers holding office on the date of
this Agreement or (ii) in which the Officer accepts equity securities of the
Company or any entity with or into which the Company is merged or consolidated,
or which controls or is controlled by the Company or any such entity, except for
equity securities accepted or received by the Officer (a) in his capacity as a
shareholder and (b) pursuant to stock options and other benefits not materially
in excess of those typically available to officers of other publicly held for-
profit healthcare companies not subject to a Change of Control.  Upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control and an election by Officer to terminate his
employment, the Company shall pay to Officer, or in the event of his subsequent
death, pay his beneficiary or beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be,
as severance pay, a sum each month for a period of four (4) years after such
termination (but inclusive of the ninety (90)-day notice period), equal to the
highest monthly rate of base salary paid to Officer at any time under this
Agreement.  In the alternative to such monthly payments, Officer shall have the
right exercisable at any time by written notice to Company to require the
Company to (and, in such event, the Company agrees to) (i) promptly fund a trust
by lump sum cash or an annuity, in each case in form and substance satisfactory
to Officer, in an amount at least sufficient to permit such trust to make such
monthly payments over said four (4)-year period or the remainder thereof
(inclusive of the ninety

                                      -17-

<PAGE>

(90)-day notice period), as the case may be or, (ii) at Officer's election,
promptly pay to Officer a lump sum amount in cash equal to the sum of the forty-
eight (48) subsequent monthly payments of base salary at the highest monthly
rate of base salary paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement, without
discount to present value.  Officer will also be entitled under this Paragraph,
to all vested benefits (including continuance for said four (4)-year period of
all disability, life and medical insurance as provided prior to the Change of
Control), restricted shares, options and bonuses, both vested and unvested, such
bonuses being prorated to date of termination based upon performance against
target for the fiscal year in which such termination occurs.  Payments of base
salary under this Paragraph, shall be offset by any payments made pursuant to
any other Company paid disability or salary continuation program.

     In the event that any payment or benefit, or any combination of payments or
benefits, to Officer hereunder with respect to a termination effective on or
before September 30, 1996 is determined to be an "excess parachute payment"
pursuant to Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"Code"), then the Company shall pay to Officer, as additional severance pay, an
amount equal to the excise tax, if any, imposed upon officer pursuant to
Section 4999 of the Code.

                                      -18-

<PAGE>

12.  TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY COMPANY FOR REASONS OTHER THAN CAUSE.

     Unless Officer's employment under this Agreement is otherwise terminated in
accordance with Paragraphs 1, 7, 8, 9 10 or 11, the Company may terminate this
Agreement for any reason upon ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Officer.
If this Agreement is so terminated by the Company pursuant to this Paragraph,
Officer will be entitled to (i) be paid monthly for the period of three (3)
years following notice of termination (inclusive of the ninety (90) days' notice
period), severance pay for each month during such three (3)-year period equal to
the highest monthly rate of base salary paid to Officer at any time under
Paragraph 3(a) (or, at Officer's election, a lump sum amount in cash equivalent
to the present value of the aforesaid monthly payments over the period of three
(3) years, discounted at a rate equal to the average yield to maturity of
Treasury Bills of the United States Government having a maturity most nearly
equivalent to said three (3)-year period as then being offered or quoted by
three dealers therein selected by the Company), (ii) bonuses referred to in
Paragraph 3(b), 3(d) and 3(e) which have vested together with that portion of
any bonus for the then-current fiscal year prorated to date of termination,
(iii) restricted shares and stock options which have vested in accordance with
the applicable plan or which would otherwise have vested within the fiscal year
in which termination occurs and (iv) continuance for said three (3)-year period
of all disability, life and medical insurance as provided prior to termination.
In the event there are any bonuses with

                                      -19-


<PAGE>

respect to a fiscal year which has not ended prior to Officer leaving
employment, such bonuses shall be paid on a pro rata basis through the date of
termination of employment, based upon performance against target through fiscal
year end.  The Company may not terminate Officer's employment hereunder pursuant
to this Paragraph after or in contemplation of a "Change of Control" as defined
in Paragraph 11.

13.  DECISIONS BY COMPANY.

     Any powers granted to the Committee or the Board of Directors of the
Company hereunder may be exercised by the Committee or any other committee
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company, and the Committee or such
other committee, if appointed, shall have the general responsibility for the
administration and interpretation of this Agreement including determinations of
compensation for purposes of paragraph 3.

14.  EFFECT OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS.

     This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto
and supersedes any prior employment agreement between the Company or any
predecessor of the Company and Officer except that this Agreement shall not
affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to Officer of a
kind elsewhere provided and not expressly provided in this Agreement.

                                      -20-

<PAGE>

15.  CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, OR SALE OF ASSETS.

     Nothing in the Agreement shall preclude the Company from consolidating or
merging into or with or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to
another corporation which assumes this Agreement and all obligations and
understandings of the Company hereunder.  Upon such a consolidation, merger, or
transfer of assets and assumption, the term "the Company", as used herein, shall
mean such other corporation and this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect, subject to Officer's rights under Paragraph 8 and 11.

16.  FEDERAL INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING.

     The Company may withhold from any benefits payable under this Agreement all
Federal, State, City, or other taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or
governmental regulation or ruling.

17.  SUCCESSORS BOUND; ASSIGNABILITY.

     This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and Officer, their
respective heirs, executors, or administrators.  This Agreement is
nonassignable.

18.  MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.

     (a)  AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement may not be modified or amended
except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

                                      -21-

<PAGE>

     (b)  WAIVER.  No condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the enforcement of any
provisions of this Agreement, except by written instrument of the party charged
with such waiver or estoppel.  No such written waiver shall be deemed a
continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver shall
operate only as to the specific term or condition for the future or as to any
act other than that specifically waived.

19.  SEVERABILITY.

     If for any reason, any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, such
invalidity shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement not held so
invalid, and each such other provision shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.  If any provision of this Agreement shall
be held invalid in part, such invalidity shall in no way affect the rest of such
provision not held so invalid, and the rest of such provisions, together with
all other provisions of this Agreement, shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.

20.  HEADINGS.

     The headings or paragraphs herein are included solely for convenience of
reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of any of the
provisions of this Agreement.

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

21.  GOVERNING LAW.

     This Agreement has been executed and delivered in the State of Georgia and
its validity, interpretation, performance, and enforcement shall be governed by
the laws of said State.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amended Employment
Agreement to be executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized, and Officer
has signed this Agreement, all as of the day and year first above written.

                              HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                              ("Company")



                              By:  /s/ ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.
                                   ---------------------------
                                   Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
                                   President



                                   /s/ JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.
                                   ------------------------
                                   JAMES T. McAFEE, JR.
                                   ("Officer")


                                      -23-
<PAGE>

                                              ATTACHMENT A


                                ANNUAL BONUS PLAN


     An Annual Bonus Plan for senior management has been instituted by the
Company and shall be continued during employment of the Officer.  The amount of
the annual bonus shall be determined annually by the Committee in relation to
results achieved by participants in the Annual Bonus Plan based on the degree of
achievement by the Company of its strategic and financial targets.  The degree
to which the targets are achieved will be determined at fiscal year end and
produce a payout for participants proportionately greater for above target
performance and proportionately smaller for below target performance.  Targets
may include, but are not limited to, such items as cash flow, census and
operating income as established by the Committee after consultation with the
Chief Executive Officer.
     The Annual Bonus Plan shall be subject to amendment, modification and
interpretation by the Committee and any such amendment, modification or
interpretation shall be binding on all participants.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3 (EXHIBIT B - 94MSE2151)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>



                    SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of June 10, 1994 between
Hallmark Healthcare Corporation (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation with its
principal office in Atlanta, Georgia and James T. McAfee, Jr. ("Officer"), an
individual residing in Atlanta.

RECITALS:

     The Company and Officer are parties to an Employment Agreement dated as of
July 1, 1989 as amended March 1, 1994 (the Employment Agreement as so amended is
referred to herein as the "Amended Employment Agreement"). On June 10, 1994 the
Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement")
with Community Health Systems, Inc. ("CHS") pursuant to which the Company will
merge (the "Merger") with a wholly owned subsidiary of CHS. Under Section 11 of
the Amended Employment Agreement, Officer will have the right to terminate his
employment and to receive, among other things, monthly severance pay over four
years in an amount equal to the highest monthly rate of base salary paid to
Officer at any time under the Amended Employment Agreement. The Company and
Officer have been advised that there is a risk that the severance payments may
be deemed to be  a "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Company and Officer desire to
amend the Amended Employment Agreement in such a manner as to avoid such risk.

     The parties agree as follows:

     1.  AMENDMENT OF SECTION 11 OF THE AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.  Section
11  of the Amended Employment Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to
read as follows:

"11. CHANGE OF CONTROL.

     In the event of a material change in ownership of the Company or a transfer
of all or substantially all of its assets, in either case resulting in Change of
Control of the Company prior to September 30, 1996, Officer shall have the right
to terminate his employment under this Agreement by (i) resignation on not less
than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within six (6) calendar months
after the occurrence of the Change of Control and (ii) by resignation on not
less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within eighteen (18)
calendar months after such Change of Control and within six (6) months after the
occurrence of any of the following (A) failure to appoint or reappoint Officer
to the office of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or (B) the making of any
material change by the Company in Officer's function,

<PAGE>

                                       -2-

duties or responsibilities which would cause Officer's position with the Company
to become of less dignity, responsibility, importance or scope from the position
and attributes thereof described in Paragraph 2 or (C) any material breach by
the Company not cured within thirty (30) days' of written notice thereof.
"Change of Control" shall mean the event by which any "person" (as such term is
used in Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) either alone or in conjunction with its "affiliates" as that term is
defined in Rule 405 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or other group of persons, corporations, partnerships
or other entities who are not "affiliates" but who are acting in concert,
acquire ownership of record or beneficially that number of shares of the
outstanding stock of the Company which would allow such person or entity and/or
its affiliates, or others acting in concert, to elect a majority of the Board of
Directors of the Company; provided, however, "Change of Control" shall not
include any acquisition of control referred to above (i) by the Officer acting
alone or in concert with one or more the Company's five most senior officers
holding office on the date of this Agreement or (ii) in which the Officer
accepts equity securities of the Company or any entity with or into which the
Company is merged or consolidated, or which controls or is controlled by the
Company or any such entity, except for equity securities accepted or received by
the Officer (a) in his capacity as a shareholder and (b) pursuant to stock
options and other benefits not materially in excess of those typically available
to officers of other publicly held for-profit healthcare companies not subject
to a Change of Control.  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control and an
election by Officer to terminate his employment, the Company shall pay to
Officer, or in the event of his subsequent death, pay his beneficiary or
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be, as severance pay, a sum each
month for a period of four (4) years after such termination (but inclusive of
the ninety (90)-day notice period), equal to the highest monthly rate of base
salary paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement, not to exceed
$34,166.66 per month.  In the alternative to such monthly payments, Officer
shall have the right exercisable at any time by written notice to Company to
require the Company to (and, in such event, the Company agrees to) (i) promptly
fund a trust by lump sum cash or an annuity, in each case in form and substance
satisfactory to Officer, in an amount at least sufficient to permit such trust
to make such monthly payments (not to exceed $34,166.66 per month) over said
four (4)-year period or the remainder thereof (inclusive of the ninety (90)-day
notice period), as the case may be or, (ii) at Officer's election, promptly pay
to Officer a lump sum amount in cash equal to the sum of the forty-eight (48)
subsequent monthly payments of base salary at the highest monthly rate of  base
salary paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement, without discount to
present value; provided however, such lump sum payment shall not exceed
$1,640,000.  Officer will also be entitled under this Paragraph, to (1)  options
on 84,296 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.70
per share and 22,606 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price
of $13.00 per share pursuant to the Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan-1989 and 1993
Stock Option Plan, respectively,  (2) a pro rated bonus of $93,750 under the
Company's annual bonus plan for the  period from July 1, 1994 through September
30, 1994,  (3) a pro rated bonus of $125,000 under the Company's 1993 Long Term
Incentive Plan (the "1993 Incentive Plan") for the period from July 1, 1994
through September 30, 1994, (4)

<PAGE>

                                       -3-

such bonus which is due under the Company's 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan for
the year ended June 30, 1994 based on the audited financial statements of the
Company without regard to non-recurring costs associated with the proposed
merger of the Company with a subsidiary of Community Health Systems, Inc., and
(5) a payment of $233,570  in lieu of continuance in any benefit plans
described in Section 5 hereof, including without limitation all disability, life
and medical insurance or other benefits provided prior to the Change of Control.
Payments of base salary under this Paragraph, shall be offset by any payments
made pursuant to any other Company paid disability or salary continuance
program.

     The following additional provisions shall apply to payments made under this
Section 11:

          (A)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
               Section 11, in the event that any payment received or to be
               received by Officer under this Section 11 ("Severance Payment")
               would  be subject to the excise tax (the "Excise Tax") imposed by
               section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
               (the "Code") (in whole or in part), the Severance Payment shall
               be reduced (but not below zero) until no portion of such payment
               would be subject to the Excise Tax. For purposes of this
               limitation, (i) no portion of such payments, the receipt or
               enjoyment of which Officer shall have effectively waived in
               writing, shall be taken into account; (ii) only the portion of
               such payment which constitutes a "parachute payment" within the
               meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the Code shall be taken into
               account, determined without regard to any payment or benefit
               received, or to be received by Officer pursuant to the terms of
               this Agreement or of any other plan, arrangement or agreement of
               the Company (or any affiliate) entered into prior to a change in
               control of the Company other than the Severance Payment; (iii)
               such payment shall be reduced only to the extent necessary so
               that such payments would not be subject to the Excise Tax; and
               (iv) the value of any noncash benefit or any deferred payment or
               benefit included in such payment shall be determined in
               accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of
               the Code.  The Company or its successor in interest will analyze
               the total compensation payable hereunder as a result of a Change
               in Control immediately  after such Change in Control occurs and
               propose such changes as may, in the good faith opinion of the
               Company, be necessary  to reduce the Severance Payment until no
               portion of such payment would be subject to the Excise Tax.
               Officer and the Company shall endeavor in good faith to agree
               upon any reduction which may be necessary to meet the foregoing
               standard. If Officer and the Company are unable to agree within
               30 days, the matter shall be referred to independent tax counsel
               selected by Officer and reasonably acceptable to the Company
               whose determination concerning the amount of the reduction in the
               Severance Payment, if any, shall be binding

<PAGE>

                                       -4-

               on the parties. The reasonable fees and disbursements of such
               independent tax counsel shall be paid by the Company.

          (B)  If a claim is made by the Internal Revenue Service as to the non-
               deductibility of any Severance Payment or for any Excise Tax in
               respect of any Severance Payment, the Company shall promptly
               notify Officer. The Company shall, at the Company's expense, take
               such action or permit Officer to take such action as Officer may
               reasonably request with respect to the contest of any such
               asserted liability, including without limitation, resisting
               payment thereof. The Company shall not settle or compromise a
               contest that it is otherwise required to pursue hereunder if
               Officer in good faith withholds consent to such settlement. The
               Company may decline to contest any such claim notwithstanding
               Officer's request if, the Company shall (i) waive any right to
               payment pursuant to subsection (C) hereof and (ii) agree to
               indemnify and hold harmless Officer on an after tax basis for (a)
               any Excise Tax which may be imposed in respect of any such
               Severance Payment and (b) any cost or expense, including without
               limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements, if any, incurred by
               Officer in connection with the contest or settlement of any such
               Excise Tax.

          (C)  If it is established pursuant to a final determination of a court
               or an Internal Revenue Service proceeding that, notwithstanding
               the good faith of Officer and the Company in applying the terms
               of clause (a) above, any Severance Payment paid to Officer or for
               Officer's benefit exceeded the limitation contained in clause (A)
               above, then Officer shall pay to the Company within 30 days of
               receipt of notice of such final determination or opinion, an
               amount equal to the sum of (x) the excess of the payment paid to
               Officer or for Officer's benefit over the maximum payment that
               should have been paid to or for Officer's benefit taking into
               account the limitations contained in Section 2(a) hereof and (y)
               interest on the amount set forth in clause (x) of this sentence
               at the applicable federal rate (as defined in section 1274(d)  of
               the Code) from the date of Officer's receipt of such excess until
               the date of such payment."

     2. EFFECTIVE DATE FOR AMENDMENTS. The amendments to Section 11 of the
Amended Employment Agreement set forth in paragraph 1 hereof shall take effect
on the Effective Date of the Merger. If the Merger Agreement is terminated by
the parties thereto without the Merger's having occurred, this Agreement shall
have no further force or effect.

<PAGE>

                                       -5-

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amended Employment
Agreement to be executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized, and Officer
has signed this Agreement, all as of the day and year first above written.



                         HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                         ("Company")



                         By:  /s/ ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.
                              ------------------------------
                              Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
                              President

                              /s/ JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.
                              ------------------------------
                              JAMES T. McAFEE, JR.
                              ("Officer")
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4 (EXHIBIT D - 94MSE2151)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>




                          AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT







                             ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.

                       PRESIDENT, CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
                           AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER





                                       AND




                         HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION


<PAGE>

                          AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
     This AGREEMENT, originally dated as of July 1, 1989 and amended as of
March 1, 1994, by and between Hallmark Healthcare Corporation (the "Company"), a
Delaware corporation with its principal office in Atlanta, Georgia, and Robert
M. Thornton, Jr. ("Officer"),

                                 WITNESSETH THAT

     WHEREAS, the Company is a corporation engaged in providing healthcare and
related services to the public; and

     WHEREAS, the Company wishes to employ Officer and Officer is willing to be
employed in an executive, managerial capacity upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and obligations
contained herein, the Company hereby agrees to employ Officer and Officer hereby
agrees to be employed upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth:

     1.   TERM OF EMPLOYMENT.

     The Company hereby employs Officer and Officer hereby accepts such
employment upon the terms and conditions hereof for a term commencing on the
date of this Agreement as set forth above and, subject to the following
sentences of this Paragraph, ending on September 30, 1996.  Unless Officer's
employment under this Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with
Paragraphs 7, 8, 9, 10, or 11 during the period between March 1 and March 31 of

<PAGE>

1996 and March 1 and March 31 each year thereafter, either the Company or
Officer may notify the other in writing of the termination of Officer's
employment under this Agreement effective as of September 30 of such year.  If
neither the Company nor Officer shall notify the other in writing during said
period between March 1 and March 31 of the termination of employment under this
Agreement then, unless Officer's employment is otherwise terminated pursuant to
Paragraph 7, 8, 9, 10 or 11, this Agreement shall as of September 30 immediately
thereafter have a remaining unexpired term of one year.  If either the Company
or Officer shall notify the other in writing prior to any such March 31 of the
termination of employment under this Agreement, such termination shall be
effective as of September 30 of the year including such March 31.  If this
Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to this provision other than for
reasons described hereafter in Paragraph 7 or 10, Officer will be entitled to
(i) be paid monthly for a period of two (2) years after termination, severance
pay for each month during such two year period equal to the highest monthly rate
of base salary paid to Officer at any time under Paragraph 3(a) (or in the
alternative, at the Company's option, promptly pay to Officer a lump sum
severance payment in cash equal to the sum of said monthly payments of base
salary over two years, discounted to present value at a discount rate equivalent
to the average yield to maturity of Treasury Bills of the United States
Government, having a maturity most nearly equivalent to said two-year period, as
then being quoted by three dealers therein selected by the Company),

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

(ii) all unpaid bonuses referred to in Paragraphs 3(b), 3(d) and 3(e) which have
vested together with that portion of any bonus for the then current fiscal year
computed by prorating such bonus to date of termination, and (iii) all other
vested stock options and benefits.  In the event there are any annual bonuses
with respect to a fiscal year which has not ended prior to Officer leaving
employment, such bonus shall be paid on a pro rata basis through the date of
termination, based upon performance against target through fiscal year end.  If
this Agreement is terminated by Officer pursuant to this provision for reasons
other than those described in Paragraph 10, Officer shall be entitled to all
vested bonuses and all stock options and restricted stock which have vested in
accordance with the applicable plan, and vested other benefits but Officer will
not be entitled to any severance pay under this Agreement or any unvested
benefits, options, bonuses or restricted stock.

     2.   DUTIES OF OFFICER.

     Officer will, effective on November 23, 1993 and during the continuance of
his employment hereunder, perform the duties of the President, Chief Operating
Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  Officer will devote such amount of his
working time, attention and abilities to his duties as President, Chief
Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer as are reasonably required to
fully perform such duties and will use his best reasonable efforts to promote
the interests and welfare of the Company.  Should any question arise between the
Officer and the Company as to whether

                                       -3-

<PAGE>

such Officer is devoting or has devoted sufficient time, attention and abilities
to his duties, the opinion of the Company's Chief Executive Officer shall be
dispositive of such question.  To the extent not inconsistent with his duties
hereunder, Officer may pursue other business or personal activities.  Officer
will disclose in advance to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and to the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in writing any new outside
business activities which could conflict with the Company's business.  The
Officer shall not pursue any new outside business activity to which the
Company's Chief Executive Officer expresses objection in writing to such
Officer.

     3.   COMPENSATION.

     (a)  BASE SALARY.  For all services to be rendered by Officer in any
capacity during the period of his employment under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, services as a executive, officer, director, or member of any
committee of the Company, Officer shall be paid as compensation a base salary at
the rate of not less than $320,000 per annum (to be prorated for fiscal 1994
from November 23, 1993) for fiscal 1994 and thereafter, or at such higher rate
as may from time to time be fixed by the Compensation Committee (the
"Committee") of the Board of Directors of the Company, payable in accordance
with the customary payroll practices of the Company, but in no event less
frequently than monthly.

     (b)  ANNUAL BONUS.  As additional compensation for all services rendered by
Officer during the period of his employment

                                       -4-

<PAGE>

under this Agreement (i.e. subsequent to June 30, 1989), Officer will
participate in an Annual Bonus Program hereafter described in Attachment A.
Officer will have a target bonus calculated as sixty percent (60%) of his base
salary, subject to his performance against Company objectives pre-established by
the Committee.  In the event additional bonus plans are instituted by the
Committee, Officer may also be included in said plans at the discretion of such
Committee.

     (c)  LONG-TERM STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN--1989.  As of the date of this Amended
Employment Agreement, the parties acknowledge that the grants and awards to
Officer of restricted stock and options under the Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan
have vested.

     (d)  AMENDED LONG-TERM CASH INCENTIVE PLAN--1990.  As of the date of this
Amended Employment Agreement, the parties acknowledge that awards to Officer
under the Long-Term Cash Incentive Plan-1990, as amended, have vested and will
be paid in accordance with and subject to the conditions contained in such plan,
as amended.

     (e)  1993 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN.  Officer shall also participate in the
1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan, pursuant to which Officer shall be granted an
award which, if it becomes vested under the terms of such plan, shall result in
the payment to Officer of 80% of the Officer's annual base salary for each of
the Company's fiscal years 1994, 1995 and 1996; and such award shall be payable
in accordance with the terms of such plan.

     (f)  1993 STOCK OPTION PLAN.  Officer shall also participate in the 1993
Stock Option Plan.  Officer and the Company

                                       -5-

<PAGE>

acknowledge that Officer has been granted an option to purchase 13,564 shares of
the Corporation's Class A Common Stock under such Plan; and Officer shall be
eligible, in the discretion of the Compensation Committee, to be granted
additional options under such Plan.

     4.   REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES.

     The Company shall pay, or reimburse Officer in accordance with the
Company's prevailing corporate policy for reasonable travel and other expenses
incurred by Officer in performing his duties under this Agreement in accordance
with corporate policy.  Reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by
Officer in connection with any enforcement of this Agreement shall be reimbursed
by the Company provided the Officer prevails in any such enforcement
proceedings.

     5.   PARTICIPATION IN BENEFIT PLANS.

     The payments provided in other paragraphs of this Agreement are in addition
to any benefits and perquisites to which Officer may be or may become entitled
under any present or future employment benefit and perquisite plan or program,
or executive contingent compensation plan of the Company for which senior
executives are or shall become eligible, and Officer shall be eligible to
receive during the period of his employment under this Agreement, benefits and
emoluments for which senior executives are eligible under every plan or program
to the extent permissible under the general terms and provisions thereof.

                                       -6-

<PAGE>

     In further consideration of his employment by the Company, Officer shall be
entitled to the following benefits:

     (a)  Insurance as follows:

          (1)  Health, accident and dental insurance for Officer and his
dependents and long-term disability insurance for Officer, all in amounts and
coverage comparable to that presently provided by the Company to the Officer as
the same may be adjusted from time to time by the Committee.

          (2)  Term life insurance in the amount of three times his then-base
salary (but in no event greater than $1,000,000), the beneficiary of which will
be designated in the sole discretion of Officer.  The Company will provide for
said coverage by including Officer in the Company's existing Employee Group Term
Life Insurance Plan.  If for any reason during the term hereof any required
policy or coverage is cancelled or coverage denied for any reason, the Company
agrees to provide Officer with replacement insurance in the required amount so
long as said insurance is available at commercially reasonable rates.

     (b)  The Company shall make available to Officer an Executive Allowance
Fund to reimburse Officer for personal legal, accounting, and financial services
expenses, reasonable spouse business travel, other expenses and country club
dues in an amount not to exceed $15,000 per year.  Expenses to be reimbursed
from the Executive Allowance fund shall be documented in accordance with
prevailing Company policy.  The Company shall also make available to the
Executive an automobile allowance of $15,000 per year less any auto leasing
expenses (including insurance, taxes

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

and rentals) paid by the Company in respect of any leased auto provided to
Officer.  Such automobile allowance shall be in lieu of any reimbursement for
auto-related expenses incurred by Officer and no further mileage, insurance or
other operating expense shall be required to be paid by the Company (exclusive
of rental car expense incurred when travelling away from the Company's home
office on Company business).

     (c)  Reimbursement for reasonable initiation fees not to exceed $25,000 at
one country club selected by Officer and approved by the Company's Chief
Executive Officer.

     (d)  An annual physical examination of Officer to be conducted by a
physician that is Board certified to be selected by the Officer and acceptable
to the Company's Chief Executive Officer, the cost of which shall be borne by
the Company to the extent not otherwise paid by insurance or other benefits
provided by the Company.  A copy thereof shall be furnished to such Chief
Executive Officer.

     (e)  Four (4) weeks of annual paid vacation.  To the extent said four weeks
are not taken in any calendar year, up to one week of unused vacation may be
carried into the succeeding year.

     (f)  A reasonable number of paid sick days as established from time to time
by corporate policy as approved by the Committee.


     6.   INDEMNITY AND DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS LIABILITY INSURANCE.

          The Company agrees to indemnify and save harmless Officer from all
liability and costs incurred (including

                                       -8-

<PAGE>

reasonable attorney's fees and disbursements) as a consequence of claims by
third parties, whether or not derivatively on behalf of the Company (or, after a
Change of Control as defined in Paragraph 10 hereof, by the Company against the
Officer or by the Officer against the Company), resulting from or growing out of
Officer's current status as or as a result of his having been a director and/or
officer of the Company.  The terms, provisions and conditions of the indemnity
provided for hereunder are to be the same as those presently provided for under
the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company.  Said terms,
provisions and conditions of indemnity shall remain an obligation of the Company
to Officer from and after the date hereof regardless of how the Company might
hereafter amend or change its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws to provide
for different terms, conditions and provisions of indemnity for other officers
and directors of the Company.  In the event the Company should amend its
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws to provide for different terms,
conditions and provisions of indemnity after the effective date hereof, Officer
shall be notified in writing of the change.  Officer shall thereafter have
thirty (30) days to elect in writing to accept the changed conditions of
indemnity or to continue under the terms of indemnity as provided for herein.
The Company's agreement to provide indemnity hereunder shall survive the
termination of this contract regardless of the cause of termination.  The
Company shall advance promptly as incurred reasonable fees and disbursements of
counsel for Officer in defending Officer against any claims for which the
Company would

                                       -9-

<PAGE>

be so required to indemnify Officer provided (i) Officer shall execute a
promissory note payable to the Company evidencing such advance if requested by
the Company and otherwise comply with such other requirements of Delaware Law or
the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company as shall be reasonably
requested by the Company and (ii) Officer shall cause such counsel to cooperate
fully in good faith with such requests as the Company or its counsel may
reasonably make in order to endeavor to keep such legal fees at the minimum
level consistent with an adequate defense of Officer.

     (a)  The Company agrees to the extent available at commercially reasonable
rates to maintain while Officer is employed hereunder Directors and Officers
Liability Insurance in form and amount substantially equal to that presently
maintained by the Company.

     7.   TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY COMPANY FOR CAUSE.

     The Company may terminate this Agreement for just and substantial cause but
only after written notice as approved by a majority of the Board of Directors
specifying the cause of such action shall be rendered to Officer.  Just and
substantial cause shall mean:  (1) conviction of a felony or commission of
illegal acts involving moral turpitude; and (2) commission of an act or acts of
dishonesty on the part of Officer when such acts are intended to result,
directly or indirectly, in substantial gain or personal enrichment of Officer at
the expense of the Company or otherwise cause harm to the Company.  In such
event, Officer shall

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

be entitled to vested stock options, salary actually earned prior to termination
as well as vested bonuses and vested restricted shares.  No severance pay would
be owing in the event of termination pursuant to this Paragraph.

     8.   ILLNESS OR DISABILITY.

     In the event Officer is, in the opinion of the Committee, unable for a
period of three months or more to perform services for the Company because of
sickness or disability, Officer's employment hereunder shall be terminated and
Officer's base salary shall continue at the level as provided in paragraph 3(a)
for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter.  All disability, life and medical
insurance provided by the Company prior to termination shall continue for a
period of twelve (12) months after such termination.  In such event, Officer
shall be entitled to stock options, vested bonuses together with that portion of
any bonus for the then-current fiscal year prorated to date of termination
(based upon performance against target through fiscal year end), vested
restricted stock and other vested benefits.  Payments of base salary under this
Paragraph shall be reduced by any disability payments provided Officer as a
result of the coverage maintained pursuant to Paragraph 5(a)(1) or in any other
Company sponsored disability plan.

     9.   DEATH DURING EMPLOYMENT.

     If Officer dies during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall pay to
Officer's estate the compensation which would

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

otherwise be payable to Officer pursuant to this Agreement up to end of the
month in which his death occurs.  This shall include vested stock options, any
unpaid bonuses which are vested as of the date of death, vested restricted stock
and vested benefits.  In the event there are any bonuses with respect to a
calendar year which has not ended prior to Officer's death, such bonus shall be
paid on a pro rata basis based upon performance against target for the fiscal
year in which death occurs.

     10.  CHANGE OF CONTROL.

     In the event of a material change in ownership of the Company or a transfer
of all or substantially all of its assets, in either case resulting in Change of
Control of the Company prior to September 30, 1996, Officer shall have the right
to terminate his employment under this Agreement by (i) resignation on not less
than ninety (90 days' prior written notice given within six calendar months
after the occurrence of the Change of Control and (ii) by resignation on not
less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within eighteen calendar
months after such Change of Control and within six months after the occurrence
of either of the following (A) failure to appoint or reappoint Officer to the
office of President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer or (B)
the making of any material change by the Company in Officer's function, duties
or responsibilities which would cause Officer's position with the Company to
become of less dignity, responsibility, importance or scope from the position
and attributes thereof described in Paragraph 2 or

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

(C) any material breach by the Company not cured within 30 days of written
notice thereof.  "Change of Control" shall mean the event by which any "person"
(as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended) either alone or in conjunction with its "affiliates" as
that term is defined in Rule 405 of the General Rules and Regulations under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other group of persons, corporations,
partnerships or other entities who are not "affiliates" but who are acting in
concert, acquire ownership of record or beneficially that number of shares of
the outstanding stock of the Company which would allow such person or entity
and/or its affiliates, or others acting in concert, to elect a majority of the
Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, "Change of Control" shall
not include any acquisition of control referred to above (i) by the Officer
acting alone or in concert with one or more of the Company's five most senior
officers holding office on the date of this Agreement or (ii) in which the
Officer accepts equity securities of the Company or any entity with or into
which the Company is merged or consolidated, or which controls or is controlled
by the Company or any such entity, except for equity securities accepted or
received by the Officer (a) in his capacity as a shareholder and (b) pursuant to
stock options and other benefits not materially in excess of those typically
available to officers of other publicly held for-profit healthcare companies not
subject to a Change of Control.  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control and
an election by Officer to terminate his employment, the Company shall pay to
Officer, or in

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

the event of his subsequent death, pay his beneficiary or beneficiaries, or his
estate, as the case may be, as severance pay, a sum each month for a period of
three (3) years after such termination (but inclusive of the ninety (90) day
notice period), equal to the highest monthly rate of base salary paid to Officer
at any time under this Agreement, but in no event beyond the date Officer
attains, or would have attained, the age of sixty-five (65).  In the alternative
to such monthly payments, Officer shall have the right exercisable at any time
by written notice to Company to require the Company to (and, in such event, the
Company agrees to) (i) promptly fund a trust by lump sum cash or an annuity, in
each case in form and substance satisfactory to Officer, in an amount at least
sufficient to permit such trust to make such monthly payments over said three-
year period or the remainder thereof (inclusive of the ninety (90) day notice
period), as the case may be or, (ii) at Officer's election, promptly pay to
Officer a lump sum amount in cash equal to the sum of the thirty-six (36)
subsequent monthly payments of base salary at the highest monthly rate of base
salary paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement, without discount to
present value.  Officer will also be entitled under this Paragraph, to all
vested benefits (including continuance for said three-year period of all
disability, life and medical insurance as provided prior to the Change of
Control), restricted shares, options and bonuses, both vested and unvested, such
bonuses being prorated to date of termination based upon performance against
target for the fiscal year in which such termination occurs.  Payments of base
salary

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

under this Paragraph, shall be offset by any payments made pursuant to any other
Company paid disability or salary continuation program.

     11.  TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BY COMPANY FOR REASONS OTHER THAN CAUSE.

     Unless Officer's employment under this Agreement is otherwise terminated in
accordance with Paragraph 1, 7, 8, 9 or 10, the Company may terminate this
Agreement for any reason upon 90 days' prior written notice to Officer.  If this
Agreement is so terminated by the Company pursuant to this Paragraph, Officer
will be entitled to (i) be paid monthly for the period of two (2) years
following termination, severance pay for each month during such two-year period
equal to the highest monthly rate of base salary paid to Officer at any time
under Paragraph 3(a) (or, at Officer's election, a lump sum amount in cash
equivalent to the present value of the aforesaid monthly payments over the said
one-year period, discounted at a rate equal to the average yield to maturity of
Treasury Bills of the United States Government having a maturity of one year as
then being offered or quoted by three dealers therein selected by the Company),
(ii) bonuses referred to in Paragraph 3(b), 3(d) and 3(e) which have vested
together with that portion of any bonus for the then-current fiscal year
prorated to date of termination, (iii) restricted shares and stock options which
have vested in accordance with the applicable plan or which would otherwise have
vested within the fiscal year in which termination occurs and (iv) continuance
for said two-year period of all disability, life and medical insurance as
provided

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

prior to termination.  In the event there are any annual bonuses with respect to
a fiscal year which has not ended prior to Officer leaving employment, such
bonuses shall be paid on a pro rata basis through the date of termination of
employment, based upon performance against target through fiscal year end.  The
Company may not terminate Officer's employment hereunder pursuant to this
Paragraph after or in contemplation of a "Change of Control" as defined in
Paragraph 10.

     12.  DECISIONS BY COMPANY.

     Any powers granted to the Committee or the Board of Directors of the
Company hereunder may be exercised by the Committee or any other committee
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company, and the Committee or such
other committee, if appointed, shall have the general responsibility for the
administration and interpretation of this Agreement including determinations of
compensation for purposes of paragraph 3.

     13.  EFFECT OF PRIOR AGREEMENTS.

     This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto
and supersedes any prior employment agreement between the Company or any
predecessor of the Company and Officer except that this Agreement shall not
affect or operate to reduce any benefit or compensation inuring to Officer of a
kind elsewhere provided and not expressly provided in this Agreement.

                                      -16-

<PAGE>

     14.  CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, OR SALE OF ASSETS.

     Nothing in the Agreement shall preclude the Company from consolidating or
merging into or with or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to
another corporation which assumes this Agreement and all obligations and
understandings of the Company hereunder.  Upon such a consolidation, merger, or
transfer of assets and assumption, the term "the Company", as used herein, shall
mean such other corporation and this Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect, subject to Officer's rights under Paragraph 10.

     15.  FEDERAL INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING.
     The Company may withhold from any benefits payable under this Agreement all
Federal, State, City, or other taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or
governmental regulation or ruling.

     16.  SUCCESSORS BOUND; ASSIGNABILITY.
     This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and Officer, their
respective heirs, executors, or administrators.  This Agreement is
nonassignable.

     17.  MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.

     (a)  AMENDMENT OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement may not be modified or amended
except by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto.

     (b)  WAIVER.  No condition of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been
waived, nor shall there be any estoppel against the

                                      -17-


<PAGE>

enforcement of any provisions of this Agreement, except by written instrument of
the party charged with such waiver or estoppel.  No such written waiver shall be
deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such
waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition for the future or
as to any act other than that specifically waived.

     18.  SEVERABILITY.

     If for any reason, any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, such
invalidity shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement not held so
invalid, and each such other provision shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.  If any provision of this Agreement shall
be held invalid in part, such invalidity shall in no way affect the rest of such
provision not held so invalid, and the rest of such provisions, together with
all other provisions of this Agreement, shall to the full extent consistent with
law continue in full force and effect.

     19.  HEADINGS.

     The headings or paragraphs herein are included solely for convenience of
reference and shall not control the meaning or interpretation of any of the
provisions of this Agreement.

                                      -18-

<PAGE>

     20.  GOVERNING LAW.

     This Agreement has been executed and delivered in the State of Georgia and
its validity, interpretation, performance, and enforcement shall be governed by
the laws of said State.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amended Employment
Agreement to be executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized, and Officer
has signed this Agreement, all as of the day and year first above written.

                              HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION



                              By:  /s/ JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.
                                   ---------------------------
                                   James T. McAfee, Jr.
                                   Chairman


                                   /s/ ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.
                                   ---------------------------
                                   Robert M. Thornton, Jr.


                                     -19-

<PAGE>
                                              ATTACHMENT A

                                ANNUAL BONUS PLAN


     An Annual Bonus Plan for senior management has been instituted by the
Company and shall be continued during employment of the Officer.  The amount of
the annual bonus shall be determined annually by the Committee in relation to
results achieved by participants in the Annual Bonus Plan based on the degree of
achievement by the Company of its strategic and financial targets.  The degree
to which the targets are achieved will be determined at fiscal year end and
produce a payout for participants proportionately greater for above target
performance and proportionately smaller for below target performance.  Targets
may include, but are not limited to, such items as cash flow, census and
operating income as established by the Committee after consultation with the
Chief Executive Officer.
     The Annual Bonus Plan shall be subject to amendment, modification and
interpretation by the Committee and any such amendment, modification or
interpretation shall be binding on all participants.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5 (EXHIBIT A - 94MSE2151)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                  SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

      SECOND AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of June 10, 1994
between Hallmark Healthcare Corporation (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation
with its principal office in Atlanta, Georgia and Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
("Officer"), an individual residing in Atlanta.

RECITALS:

      The Company and Officer are parties to an Employment Agreement dated as of
July 1, 1989 as amended March 1, 1994 (the Employment Agreement as so amended is
referred to herein as the "Amended Employment Agreement"). On June 10, 1994 the
Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement")
with Community Health Systems, Inc. ("CHS") pursuant to which the Company will
merge (the "Merger") with a wholly owned subsidiary of CHS. Under Section 10 of
the Amended Employment Agreement, Officer will have the right to terminate his
employment and to receive, among other things, monthly severance pay over three
years in an amount equal to the highest monthly rate of base salary paid to
Officer at any time under the Amended Employment Agreement. The Company and
Officer have been advised that there is a risk that the severance payments may
be deemed to be  a "excess parachute payment" under Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The Company and Officer desire to
amend the Amended Employment Agreement in such a manner as to avoid such risk.

      The parties agree as follows:

      1.  AMENDMENT OF SECTION 10 OF THE AMENDED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT.
Section 10  of the Amended Employment Agreement is hereby amended in its
entirety to read as follows:

"10.  CHANGE OF CONTROL.

      In the event of a material change in ownership of the Company or a
transfer of all or substantially all of its assets, in either case resulting in
Change of Control of the Company prior to September 30, 1996, Officer shall have
the right to terminate his employment under this Agreement by (i) resignation on
not less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within six (6)
calendar months after the occurrence of the Change of Control and (ii) by
resignation on not less than ninety (90) days' prior written notice given within
eighteen (18) calendar months after such Change of Control and within six (6)
months after the occurrence of either of the following (A) failure to appoint or
reappoint Officer to the office of President, Chief Operating


<PAGE>

                                     -2-

Officer and Chief Financial Officer or (B) the making of any material change by
the Company in Officer's function, duties or responsibilities which would cause
Officer's position with the Company to become of less dignity, responsibility,
importance or scope from the position and attributes thereof described in
Paragraph 2 or (C) any material breach by the Company not cured within thirty
(30) days' of written notice thereof.  "Change of Control" shall mean the event
by which any "person" (as such term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) either alone or in conjunction with
its "affiliates" as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the General Rules and
Regulations under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or other group of
persons, corporations, partnerships or other entities who are not "affiliates"
but who are acting in concert, acquire ownership of record or beneficially that
number of shares of the outstanding stock of the Company which would allow such
person or entity and/or its affiliates, or others acting in concert, to elect a
majority of the Board of Directors of the Company; provided, however, "Change of
Control" shall not include any acquisition of control referred to above (i) by
the Officer acting alone or in concert with one or more the Company's five most
senior officers holding office on the date of this Agreement or (ii) in which
the Officer accepts equity securities of the Company or any entity with or into
which the Company is merged or consolidated, or which controls or is controlled
by the Company or any such entity, except for equity securities accepted or
received by the Officer (a) in his capacity as a shareholder and (b) pursuant to
stock options and other benefits not materially in excess of those typically
available to officers of other publicly held for-profit healthcare companies not
subject to a Change of Control.  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control and
an election by Officer to terminate his employment, the Company shall pay to
Officer, or in the event of his subsequent death, pay his beneficiary or
beneficiaries, or his estate, as the case may be, as severance pay, a sum each
month for a period of three (3) years after such termination (but inclusive of
the ninety (90)-day notice period), equal to the highest monthly rate of base
salary paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement, not to exceed $20,000
per month, but in no event beyond the date Officer attains, or would have
attained, the age of sixty-five (65).  In the alternative to such monthly
payments, Officer shall have the right exercisable at any time by written notice
to Company to require the Company to (and, in such event, the Company agrees to)
(i) promptly fund a trust by lump sum cash or an annuity, in each case in form
and substance satisfactory to Officer, in an amount at least sufficient to
permit such trust to make such monthly payments (not to exceed $20,000 per
month) over said three (3)-year period or the remainder thereof (inclusive of
the ninety (90)-day notice period), as the case may be or, (ii) at Officer's
election, promptly pay to Officer a lump sum amount in cash equal to the sum of
the thirty-six (36) subsequent monthly payments of base salary at the highest
monthly rate of  base salary paid to Officer at any time under this Agreement,
without discount to present value; provided however, such lump sum payment shall
not exceed $720,000. Officer will also be entitled under this Paragraph, to (1)
options on 16,879 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of
$0.70 per share and 13,564 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise
price of $13.00 per share pursuant to the Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan-1989
and 1993 Stock Option Plan, respectively,   (2) a pro rated bonus of $48,000
under the Company's annual bonus plan for the  period from July 1, 1994 through


<PAGE>

                                      -3-

September 30, 1994,  (3) a pro rated bonus of $64,000 under the Company's 1993
Long Term Incentive Plan (the "1993 Incentive Plan") for the period from July 1,
1994 through September 30, 1994,  (4) such bonus which is due under the
Company's 1993 Incentive Plan for the year ended June 30, 1994 based on the
audited financial statements of the Company without regard to non-recurring
costs associated with the proposed merger of the Company with a subsidiary of
Community Health Systems, Inc., and (5) a payment of $110,760  in lieu of
continuance in any benefit plans described in Section 5 hereof, including
without limitation all disability, life and medical insurance or other benefits
provided prior to the Change of Control.  Payments of base salary under this
Paragraph, shall be offset by any payments made pursuant to any other Company
paid disability or salary continuance program.

      The following additional provisions shall apply to payments made under
this Section 10:

            (A)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
                  Section 10, in the event that any payment received or to be
                  received by Officer under this Section 10 ("Severance
                  Payment") would  be subject to the excise tax (the "Excise
                  Tax") imposed by section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of
                  1986, as amended (the "Code") (in whole or in part), the
                  Severance Payment shall be reduced (but not below zero) until
                  no portion of such payment would be subject to the Excise Tax.
                  For purposes of this limitation, (i) no portion of such
                  payments, the receipt or enjoyment of which Officer shall have
                  effectively waived in writing, shall be taken into account;
                  (ii) only the portion of such payment which constitutes a
                  "parachute payment" within the meaning of section 280G(b)(2)
                  of the Code shall be taken into account, determined without
                  regard to any payment or benefit received, or to be received
                  by Officer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or of any
                  other plan, arrangement or agreement of the Company (or any
                  affiliate) entered into prior to a change in control of the
                  Company other than the Severance Payment; (iii) such payment
                  shall be reduced only to the extent necessary so that such
                  payments would not be subject to the Excise Tax; and (iv) the
                  value of any noncash benefit or any deferred payment or
                  benefit included in such payment shall be determined in
                  accordance with the principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and (4)
                  of the Code.  The Company or its successor in interest will
                  analyze the total compensation payable hereunder as a result
                  of a Change in Control immediately  after such Change in
                  Control occurs and propose such changes as may, in the good
                  faith opinion of the Company, be necessary  to reduce the
                  Severance Payment until no portion of such payment would be
                  subject to the Excise Tax. Officer and the Company shall
                  endeavor in good faith to agree upon any reduction which may
                  be necessary to meet the foregoing standard. If Officer and
                  the Company are unable to agree within 30 days, the matter
                  shall be referred to independent tax counsel selected by
                  Officer


<PAGE>

                                      -4-

                  and reasonably acceptable to the Company whose
                  determination concerning the amount of the reduction in
                  the Severance Payment, if any, shall be binding on the
                  parties. The reasonable fees and disbursements of such
                  independent tax counsel shall be paid by the Company.

            (B)   If a claim is made by the Internal Revenue Service as to the
                  non-deductibility of any Severance Payment or for any Excise
                  Tax in respect of any Severance Payment, the Company shall
                  promptly notify Officer. The Company shall, at the Company's
                  expense, take such action or permit Officer to take such
                  action as Officer may reasonably request with respect to the
                  contest of any such asserted liability, including without
                  limitation, resisting payment thereof. The Company shall not
                  settle or compromise a contest that it is otherwise required
                  to pursue hereunder if Officer in good faith withholds consent
                  to such settlement. The Company may decline to contest any
                  such claim notwithstanding Officer's request if, the Company
                  shall (i) waive any right to payment pursuant to subsection
                  (C) hereof and (ii) agree to indemnify and hold harmless
                  Officer on an after tax basis for (a) any Excise Tax which may
                  be imposed in respect of any such Severance Payment and (b)
                  any cost or expense, including without limitation, attorneys
                  fees and disbursements, if any, incurred by Officer in
                  connection with the contest or settlement of any such Excise
                  Tax.

            (C)   If it is established pursuant to a final determination of a
                  court or an Internal Revenue Service proceeding that,
                  notwithstanding the good faith of Officer and the Company in
                  applying the terms of clause (a) above, any Severance Payment
                  paid to Officer or for Officer's benefit exceeded the
                  limitation contained in clause (A) above, then Officer shall
                  pay to the Company within 30 days of receipt of notice of such
                  final determination or opinion, an amount equal to the sum of
                  (x) the excess of the payment paid to Officer or for Officer's
                  benefit over the maximum payment that should have been paid to
                  or for Officer's benefit taking into account the limitations
                  contained in Section 2(a) hereof and (y) interest on the
                  amount set forth in clause (x) of this sentence at the
                  applicable federal rate (as defined in section 1274(d)  of the
                  Code) from the date of Officer's receipt of such excess until
                  the date of such payment."



<PAGE>

                                      -5-

      2. EFFECTIVE DATE FOR AMENDMENTS. The amendments to Section 10 of the
Amended Employment Agreement set forth in paragraph 1 hereof shall take effect
on the Effective Date of the Merger. If the Merger Agreement is terminated by
the parties thereto without the Merger's having occurred, this Agreement shall
have no further force or effect.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amended Employment
Agreement to be executed by an officer thereunto duly authorized, and Officer
has signed this Agreement, all as of the day and year first above written.



                              HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION
                              ("Company")



                              By:  /s/ JAMES T. MCAFEE, JR.
                                  -------------------------------
                                   James T. McAfee, Jr.
                                   Chairman

                              /s/ ROBERT M. THORNTON, JR.
                              -----------------------------------
                              Robert M. Thornton, Jr.
                              ("Officer")


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 11.1

                         HALLMARK HEALTHCARE CORPORATION


           CALCULATION OF AVERAGE NUMBER OF PRIMARY AND FULLY DILUTED
                       COMMON AND COMMON EQUIVALENT SHARES


                                 (in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        Year Ended June 30
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                   1994        1993        1992
                                                   ----        ----        ----
<S>                                                <C>         <C>         <C>
Weighted average Class A common stock              2,964       2,568       2,507

Class B common stock (convertible to
  Class A common stock)                               64         390         390

Common stock equivalents:

Effect of the conversion of preferred stock
  (5 shares of common for 1 share of preferred)      164         198         210

Options and other                                    489         294         251
                                                   -----       -----       -----
Average number of common and common
  equivalent shares on a primary and
  fully diluted basis                              3,681       3,450       3,358
                                                   -----       -----       -----
                                                   -----       -----       -----
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 21.1




SUBSIDIARY                                              STATE OF INCORPORATION

Northgate Hospital, Inc.                                       Arkansas
d/b/a Northgate Hospital
d/b/a Sabine Medical Center

Neuro Treatment, Inc.                                          Delaware
d/b/a RiverNorth Hospital

National Healthcare of Mt. Vernon, Inc.                        Delaware
d/b/a Crossroads Community Hospital

National Healthcare of Newport, Inc.                           Delaware
d/b/a National Healthcare of Jackson County, Inc.
d/b/a Harris Hospital

National Healthcare of Sabine, Inc.                            Delaware
d/b/a Sabine Medical Center
d/b/a Sabine Medical Center Rural Health Clinic

National Healthcare of Holmes County, Inc.                     Florida
d/b/a Doctors Memorial Hospital

Health Care of Berrien County, Inc.                            Georgia
d/b/a Berrien County Hospital
d/b/a Georgia Home Health Services

National Healthcare of Pocahontas, Inc.                        Arkansas
d/b/a Randolph County Medical Center

National Healthcare of Decatur, Inc.                           Delaware
d/b/a Parkway Medical Center Hospital

National Healthcare of Hartselle, Inc.                         Delaware
d/b/a Hartselle Medical Center

National Healthcare of Cullman, Inc.                           Delaware
d/b/a Woodland Community Hospital

National Healthcare of Cleveland, Inc.                         Delaware
d/b/a Cleveland Community Hospital

<PAGE>

NHCI of Hillsboro, Inc.                                        Texas
d/b/a Hill Regional Hospital

Scenic Mountain Medical Center, Inc.                           Texas
d/b/a Scenic Mountain Medical Center

The L. V. Stabler Memorial Hospital of Greenville, Inc.        Alabama
d/b/a  L. V. Stabler Memorial Hospital

Hospital Corporation of White County                           Tennessee
d/b/a White County Community Hospital

Berrien Nursing Center, Inc.                                   Georgia
d/b/a Berrien Nursing Center

National Healthcare of Leesville, Inc.                         Delaware
d/b/a Byrd Regional Hospital


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 24.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 24.1

                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


     As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation
of our report included in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously
filed Registration Statements on Form S-8, file no 33-40773, file no.
33-54326, file no. 33-54328, file no. 33-53863, file no. 33-53865,
file no. 33-53861 and file no. 33-53853.



                                        ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
                                        Atlanta, Georgia
                                        September 13, 1994



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
