-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Wnv3hYDZBwy/SlmYCkrgwL4wb8ZjXJOwTmLpCKmXsF4heYywcDyIuH804heWM2ND
 m7yl7L/C5lQs6Tex9QIPww==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000804269-94-000012.txt : 19941017
<IMS-HEADER>0000804269-94-000012.hdr.sgml : 19941017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000804269-94-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940928
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICREDIT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000804269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	6141
		IRS NUMBER:				752291093
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10667
		FILM NUMBER:		94550745

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BAILEY AVENUE
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-332-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 BAILEY AVENUE
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	URCARCO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>



                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549
                                 FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]

               For the fiscal year ended    June 30, 1994        

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]

For the transition period from                      to                      

Commission file number                    1-10667                           

                             AmeriCredit Corp.                              
          (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Texas                                              75-2291093       
(State or other jurisdiction of                            (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                            Identification No.)

  200 Bailey Avenue, Fort Worth, Texas                         76107          
(Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:     (817)  332-7000      

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                             Name of each exchange on
        Title of each class                      which registered
    Common Stock, $.01 par value             New York Stock Exchange      

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                    None                                    
                             (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   X     No      .

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ X ]

The aggregate market value of 25,095,757 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock
held by non-affiliates based upon the closing price of the Registrant's Common
Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on September 16, 1994 was approximately 
$159,985,451.  For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 5
percent beneficial owners of the Registrant are deemed to be affiliates.  Such

<PAGE>
determination should not be deemed an admission that such officers, directors
and beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the Registrant.

There were 28,749,773 shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value outstanding as of
September 16, 1994.

                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended June 30,
1994 ("the Annual Report") furnished to the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-
3(b) and the definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to the 1994 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders ("the Proxy Statement") and filed pursuant to Regulation 14A
are incorporated herein by reference into Parts II and IV, and Part III,
respectively.
<PAGE>

                             AMERICREDIT CORP.

                            INDEX TO FORM 10-K

ITEM                                                     PAGE
 NO.                                                      No.
                                  PART I 

1.  Business                                                3
2.  Properties                                             12
3.  Legal Proceedings                                      12
4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders    12

                                  PART II

5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
      Stockholder Matters                                  13
6.  Selected Financial Data                                13
7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
      Condition and Results of Operations                  13
8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data            13
9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
      Accounting and Financial Disclosure                  13

                                 PART III

10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant     14
11. Executive Compensation                                 14
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
      Management                                           14
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions         14

                                  PART IV

14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports
      on Form 8-K                                          15

                                SIGNATURES                 16

<PAGE>
                                  PART I

Item 1.  Business
- - -----------------
General
- - -------
AmeriCredit Corp. was incorporated in Texas on May 18, 1988 and succeeded to
the business, assets and liabilities of a predecessor corporation formed under
the laws of Texas on August 1, 1986.  The Company's predecessor began the
Company's business in March 1987, and the business has been operated
continuously since that time.  As used herein, the term "Company" refers to
the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries and its predecessor corporation. 
The Company's principal executive offices are located at 200 Bailey Avenue,
Fort Worth, Texas, 76107 and its telephone number is (817) 332-7000.

On July 22, 1992, the Company formed a subsidiary, AmeriCredit Financial
Services, Inc. ("AFSI"), a Delaware corporation, to engage in the indirect
consumer lending business.  AFSI began operating in the indirect consumer
lending business in September 1992.  Through AFSI's branch offices and
marketing representatives, the Company serves as a funding source for
franchised and independent dealers to finance their customers' purchases of
primarily used cars.  The Company targets customers who are typically unable
to obtain financing from traditional sources.  Consumer finance contracts
originated by the dealers which conform to the Company's credit policies  are
purchased by the Company, generally for a non-refundable acquisition fee and
without recourse to the dealer.   Such consumer finance loans typically range
in amount from $6,000 to $12,000, with repayment terms usually ranging from 24
to 60 months.  The Company services its consumer loan portfolio at its central
facility using automated servicing and collection systems.

The Company formed another subsidiary, AmeriCredit Premium Finance, Inc.
("APFI"), a Delaware corporation, on September 15, 1992 to engage in the
premium finance business.  APFI began operating in the premium finance
business in April 1993.  APFI finances insurance premiums for consumers
purchasing car liability and physical damage insurance through independent
insurance agents.  Such loans typically range in amount from $300 to $1,200
with repayment terms ranging from four to ten months.

The Company previously operated a chain of "we finance" used car retail lots
in Texas, selling used cars and typically financing sales to its customers. 
However, in connection with a restructuring during the year ended June 30,
1993, the Company withdrew from the retail used car sales business effective
December 31, 1992.  The finance receivables originated in this previous
business are referred to as the direct lending portfolio and are being
liquidated over time as the contracts are collected or charged-off.

On April 24, 1991, the Company entered into a management services agreement
with Rainwater Management Partners, Ltd., ("RMP").  Pursuant to such
agreement, RMP provided certain consulting services related to strategic
analysis of the Company's operations and major policy actions and directions. 
As part of the transaction, the Company issued to RMP a stock option to
purchase up to 3.5 million shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise
price of $3.218 per share.  Ten percent of the option was exercisable at the
time of issuance, and the balance became exercisable over an 18-month period. 

<PAGE>
On April 4, 1994, the Company purchased and cancelled this stock option for
$1.782 per option share, or $6,237,000.  The management services agreement with
RMP was also terminated. 

On October 25, 1990, the Company entered into a joint venture arrangement with
certain entities and individuals for the purpose of establishing and operating
retail used car sales lots in the state of California.  The joint venture en-
tity, Pacific Automart Inc., was owned 50% by the Company and 50% by the other
investors.  On August 3, 1993, the Company sold its entire interest in the joint
venture to Pacific Automart Inc. for $11,300,000 in cash.  No gain or loss was
recognized on the sale.

Indirect Consumer Finance Operations
- - ------------------------------------
Target Market.  The Company's indirect lending programs are designed to serve
consumers who have limited access to traditional car financing.  The Company's
typical borrower may have had previous financial difficulties, but is now
attempting to re-establish credit, or may not yet have a sufficient credit
history.  Because the Company serves consumers who are unable to meet the credit
standards  imposed by most traditional car financing sources, the Company
generally charges interest at rates which are higher than those charged by
traditional car financing sources.  The Company also expects to sustain a higher
level of credit losses than that experienced by traditional car financing
sources since the Company provides financing in a relatively high risk market.

Dealer Relationships.  When buying a car, consumers are customarily directed to
a dealer's finance and insurance department to finalize their purchase agreement
and review potential financing sources.  If the consumer elects to pursue
financing at a dealer, an application is taken for submission to the dealer's
financing sources.  The dealers are generally familiar with the lending policies
of their financing sources and develop both traditional and secondary financing
sources.  In the event that a consumer may not qualify for traditional car
financing, a dealer typically submits such buyer's application to one or more
secondary financing sources, such as the Company, for review.

Since the Company is an indirect lender, the Company's financing programs are
marketed directly to the dealers rather than to the consumer.  The marketing
process involves personal contacts with the owners, general managers and finance
managers of the dealers and distribution of the Company's promotional
materials. The Company also establishes relationships with dealers through
referrals from other participating dealers.

The Company has established relationships with a variety of car dealers located
in the markets in which the Company has branch offices or marketing
representatives.  While the Company occasionally finances purchases of new cars,
substantially all of the Company's finance receivables are originated in
connection with consumers' purchases of used cars.  Of the finance contracts
purchased by the Company during the year ended June 30, 1994, approximately 76%
were originated by manufacturer-franchised dealers with used car operations and
24% by independent dealers specializing in used car sales.  The Company pur-
chased contracts from 429 dealers during the year ended June 30, 1994.  No
dealer accounted for more than 10% of the total volume of contracts purchased
by the Company for the year ended June 30, 1994.

<PAGE>
Prior to entering into a relationship with a dealer, the Company evaluates the
dealer's operating history.  The credit profile and performance of contracts
purchased from a dealer are continually monitored to determine the viability of
the Company's relationship with the dealer.  Dealer relationships are maintained
through frequent contacts by the Company's representatives and by providing a
high level of service, including prompt and consistent credit application
processing, timely contract funding and competitive financing terms and fees.

Finance contracts are generally purchased by the Company without recourse to the
dealer, and accordingly, the dealer usually has no liability to the Company if
the consumer defaults on the finance contract.  To mitigate the Company's risk
from potential credit losses, the Company charges the dealers an acquisition fee
when purchasing finance contracts.  Such acquisition fees are negotiated with
dealers on a contract-by-contract basis and are usually non-refundable.  Al-
though finance contracts are purchased without recourse to the dealer, the deal-
er typically makes certain representations as to the validity of the contract
and compliance with certain laws, and indemnifies the Company against any
claims, defenses and set-offs that may be asserted against the Company because
of assignment of the contract.

Branch Offices.  The Company's branch offices are responsible for solicitation
and development of dealer relationships and execution of credit decisions. 
Branch locations are typically staffed by an area general manager and one or
more customer service representatives.  Larger branches may also have an 
assistant area manager and/or a dealer marketing representative.  Area general
managers are compensated with base salaries, annual incentives based on overall
branch performance and stock option grants.  The area general managers report to
a regional manager.

The Company's regional managers monitor branch office compliance with the
Company's underwriting guidelines and review and approve all transactions that
exceed the underwriting guidelines.  The Company's automated application
processing system and loan accounting system provide the regional managers
access to credit application information enabling them to consult with the area
general managers on day to day credit decisions.  The regional managers also
make periodic visits to the branch offices to conduct operating reviews.  The
regional managers report to the Senior Vice President and Director of Consumer
Finance.

As of June 30, 1994, the Company operated eighteen indirect consumer finance
branch offices in thirteen states.  The Company's branch offices are located in
Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, San Antonio, Phoenix, Colorado Springs, Denver, Salt
Lake City, Atlanta, Chicago, Kansas City, San Jose, Indianapolis, Detroit,
Oklahoma City, Las Vegas, St. Louis, San Diego and Nashville.

The Company selects markets for branch office locations based upon the
availability of qualified area general managers and evaluation of regulatory,
competitive and demographic factors.  Branch offices are typically situated in
office buildings which are accessible to consumers and local car dealers.

Marketing Representatives.  The Company initiated a marketing representative
program in fiscal 1994 and as of June 30, 1994, the Company had ten marketing
representatives.  These marketing representatives cover territories in
Washington, Oregon, Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri and Maryland.

<PAGE>
The marketing representatives are responsible for solicitation and development
of dealer relationships primarily in markets where the Company does not have a
branch presence.  Unlike the Company's area general managers, the marketing
representatives do not have credit authority.  Credit applications solicited by
the marketing representatives are underwritten at a central purchasing office.

The Company's marketing representatives may be either employees or independent
contractors.  After a training and development period, the marketing
representatives are compensated based primarily upon finance contract
originations.  The Company's marketing representative program is managed by the
Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing.

Finance Contract Acquisition.  The Company purchases individual finance con-
tracts through its branch offices based on a decentralized credit approval
process tailored to local market conditions.  The Company's central purchasing
office, which underwrites applications solicited by the marketing representa-
tives, operates in a manner similar to the branch office network.

All credit extensions are executed at the branch level.  Each area general
manager has a specific credit authority based upon their experience and
historical loan portfolio results.  Any extension of credit outside these limits
is reviewed and approved by a regional manager.  Although the credit approval
process is decentralized, all credit decisions are guided by the Company's
overall credit and underwriting policies and procedures.

The Company implemented a credit scoring system across its branch network in
late fiscal 1994.  The credit scoring system is designed to empirically assess
the credit quality of a consumer applicant.  While the Company's use of credit
scoring is still evolving, the system is intended to supplement the branch level
judgmental credit approval process.

Loan application packages completed by prospective borrowers are received via
facsimile at the branch offices from the dealers.  Application data is entered
into the Company's automated application processing system.  A credit bureau
report is automatically generated and a credit score is computed.  Depending on
the credit quality of the applicant, a customer service representative may then
investigate the residence, employment and credit history of the applicant or
forward the application package directly to the area general manager.  In either
case, all applications are investigated prior to loan funding.  The area general
manager reviews the application package and determines whether the applicant has
been approved, approved subject to any conditions that must be met, or denied. 
In certain cases, a regional manager may review and approve the area general
manager's credit decision.  The Company estimates that approximately 50% of
applicants are denied credit by the Company typically because of their credit
histories or because their income levels are not sufficient to support the
proposed level of monthly car payments.  The dealer is contacted regarding
credit decisions by telefax and/or telephone.  Declined applicants are also
provided with appropriate notification of the decision.

Once a credit approval has been received from the Company and any other financ-
ing sources to which the application package was submitted, the dealer selects a
financing source.  The ability of the financing source to provide a rapid credit
decision and the amount of the contract fees and customer advance are of primary
importance to the dealer in choosing a financing source.  The interest rate in
the finance contract is generally of secondary importance.

<PAGE>
Completed loan packages are received from the dealers at the branch office. 
Loan terms are reverified with the consumer by branch personnel and the loan
packages are forwarded to the Company's centralized loan services department
where the package is reviewed for proper documentation and regulatory
compliance.  The loans are entered into the Company's loan accounting system and
a daily report of loans is generated.  The loan services department issues a
funding check to the dealer.  Upon funding of the contract, the Company acquires
a perfected security interest in the car that was financed.  All of the
Company's finance contracts are fully amortizing with substantially equal
monthly installments.  Consumers receive monthly statements from the Company and
remit payments directly to the Company.  Payments are processed centrally by the
loan services department.

Collections and Repossessions.  Collection activity on finance contracts is
performed by the Company's collection personnel ("collectors") at the Company's
headquarters facility.  The collectors follow standardized collection policies
and procedures.  Collectors monitor the finance receivables portfolio through a
computer assisted collection system and typically take action on delinquencies
on the fifth day after delinquency occurrence.

A collector's action is typically telephone contact with the consumer utilizing
the Company's automated predictive dialing system.  This system dials multiple
telephone numbers simultaneously based upon parameters set by management.  When
a telephone connection is made, the delinquent consumer's account information is
displayed on a collector's computer terminal.  The collector then attempts to
work out the delinquency with the consumer.

If a consumer continues to be delinquent, the Company's policy is to work out
suitable payment arrangements with the consumer.  However, if the consumer
becomes seriously delinquent or deals in bad faith with the Company, the Company
may ultimately have to repossess the consumer's car and generally will take
prompt action to do so.  Repossessions are handled by independent repossession
firms engaged by the Company.  All repossessions are approved by collection
managers.

The Company follows prescribed legal procedures for repossessions, which include
peaceful repossession, one or more consumer notifications, a prescribed waiting
period prior to disposition of the repossessed car, and return of personal items
to the consumer.

Upon repossession and after any prescribed waiting period, the repossessed car
is typically sold at auction.  Unearned finance charges and any recoveries are
credited against the finance contract, and the remaining balance is charged off
against the Company's allowance for losses.  The Company will pursue collection
of deficiencies when it deems such action to be appropriate.

Insurance and Other Products.  The Company requires all consumers to obtain or
provide evidence that they carry current comprehensive and collision insurance. 
Through a third party administrator, the Company tracks the insurance status of
each finance contract and sends notices to consumers when collateral becomes
uninsured.  If no action is taken by the borrower to insure the collateral,
continuing efforts are made to persuade the consumer to comply with the insur-
ance requirements of the finance contract.  Although it has the right, the

<PAGE>
Company rarely repossesses a car due to it being uninsured.  The Company also
does not typically force place insurance coverage and add the premium to the
consumer's obligation, although it has the right to do so under the terms of the
finance contracts.

The Company will also finance other insurance products including credit life,
credit accident and health and extended service contracts at the option of the
consumer.  The consumer may obtain such products from sources provided by the
Company, dealers or from other third parties.  The Company may receive
compensation related to these products, but the Company does not assume any
primary insurance risk.

Risk Management.  With its decentralized credit approval process, the Company
has developed procedures to evaluate and supervise the operations of each branch
office.  The Company's centralized risk management department is responsible for
monitoring the origination process and supporting the supervisory role of branch
management.  This group tracks key variables via databases that contain loan
applicant data, credit bureau and credit score information, loan structures and
terms and payment history.  The residual value of the collateral underlying the
Company's loan portfolio is updated monthly with a loan by loan link to national
wholesale auction values.  This data is used for evaluating collateral
disposition activities as well as for reserve analysis models.

The risk management department prepares a periodic credit indicator package
reviewing portfolio performance at various levels of detail including total
company, branch and dealer.  A sample of loans are reviewed periodically to
audit compliance with policies and procedures.  Various daily reports and
analytical data are also generated by the Company's management information
systems.  This information is used to monitor credit quality as well as to
constantly refine the structure and mix of new loan production.  Projected
portfolio returns are reviewed not only on a consolidated basis, but also at
the branch, dealer and transaction levels.

Premium Finance Operations
- - --------------------------
The Company's premium finance receivables portfolio and related assets
represented approximately 5% of the Company's total assets as of June 30, 1994. 
While the Company has grown the premium finance business through June 30, 1994,
the Company has determined that it will reduce its investment in this business
in the future in order to concentrate its resources on its core indirect consum-
er lending business.  The size of the market for indirect consumer lending is
substantially greater than the market for premium finance, and the Company
believes that the potential returns are more favorable in the indirect consumer
lending business as compared to the premium finance business.

The Company offers financing primarily to consumers who purchase non-standard
car liability and physical damage coverages and who are unable or unwilling
to pay the full amount of their insurance premium in advance.  Consumers
generally look to their agent to locate a financing source for their insurance
premiums.  While many large insurance agencies operate captive premium finance
companies, other agents refer their customers to independent premium finance
sources such as the Company.

The Company markets its financing program to insurance agents in Texas and
Louisiana.  The key factors in obtaining business from agents include frequent
contacts, quality service, delivering materials and instructions that facilitate
the financing transaction, providing a steady source of funding and offering
competitive payment terms.

<PAGE>
Insurance agents participating in the Company's referral program are provided a
supply of premium finance contracts and the Company's rate books and are trained
to initiate notes on behalf of the Company.  The agent assists the customer in
completing the premium finance contract by using the Company's rate books, which
set forth payment terms and finance charge rates by premium amount.  The Company
has minimum down payment requirements and generally charges the maximum allow-
able interest rate.

Under the terms of the finance contract, the customer is required to repay the
loan in equal monthly installments over four to ten months depending upon the
term of the insurance policy.  Customers receive monthly statements and mail
payments directly to the Company.  The finance contract provides the Company the
right to cancel the insurance policy and obtain a refund of the unearned premium
directly from the insurance carrier in the event of a payment default.  Upon
receipt of the unearned premium from the insurance company, the Company deducts
the principal balance of the note and applicable late charges and returns the
excess, if any, to the customer.  While the Company's down payment requirements
and monthly payment schedule are designed so that the unearned premium value of
the policy generally exceeds the unpaid principal balance of the note, charge-
offs may still result from untimely policy cancellations, short rate premium
refunds, non-refundable fees, insurance company or agency insolvencies or other
factors.

Direct Lending Portfolio
- - ------------------------
Prior to September 1992, the Company's finance receivables consisted solely of
finance contracts originated in connection with the sale of used cars at the
Company's former retail locations.  These finance receivables are referred to as
the direct lending portfolio.  Since the Company has exited the retail used car
business, the direct lending portfolio is being liquidated over time as the
contracts are collected or charged-off.

Distressed Receivables Joint Ventures
- - -------------------------------------
During fiscal 1994, the Company entered into certain joint venture arrangements
with third parties to acquire and collect distressed receivables portfolios. 
While the Company's capital investment in these joint ventures is not material,
the Company has provided office facilities, computer systems and administrative
support to the joint ventures.

Trade Names
- - -----------
The Company has obtained federal trademark protection for the "AmeriCredit" name
and the logo that incorporates the "AmeriCredit" name.

Competition
- - -----------
Because the Company's target market consists of consumers who generally have
limited access to traditional financing sources, the Company usually does not
compete directly with banks, savings and loans, credit unions, the manufactur-
ers' captive finance companies and other traditional sources of consumer
credit. 

<PAGE>
However, the Company encounters intense competition in its segment of the market
from other local, regional and national consumer finance companies, some of
which have access to greater financial resources than the Company.  In addition,
there can be no assurance that traditional financial institutions will not, in
the future, become more active in providing financing to the Company's targeted
customer base.

The Company plans to expand its indirect consumer finance business by adding
additional branch offices and marketing representatives and expanding loan
production capacity at existing branches.  The success of this strategy is
dependent upon the Company's ability to hire and retain qualified area general
managers and other personnel and develop relationships with more dealers.  The
Company confronts intense competition in attracting key personnel and
establishing relationships with dealers.  Dealers often already have favorable
secondary financing sources, which may restrict the Company's ability to develop
dealer relationships and delay the Company's growth.  In addition, the
competitive conditions in the Company's markets may result in a reduction in the
contract fees that the Company charges the dealers or a decrease in contract
acquisition volume, which would adversely affect the Company's profitability.

Regulation
- - ----------
The Company's operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and licensing
under various federal, state and local statutes, ordinances and regulations.  

The consumer credit authority in each state in which the Company operates has
primary responsibility for regulation and enforcement of laws relating to
consumer lenders and sales finance agencies such as the Company.  Such rules and
regulations generally provide for licensing of lenders, limitations on the
amount, duration and charges, including interest rates, for various categories
of loans, requirements as to the form and content of finance contracts and other
documentation and restrictions on collection practices and creditors' rights. 
In certain states, the Company's branch offices are subject to periodic
examination by state regulatory authorities.

The Company is also subject to extensive federal regulation, including the Truth
in Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Credit Reporting
Act.  These laws require the Company to provide certain disclosures to
prospective borrowers, prohibit misleading advertising and protect against
discriminatory lending practices and unfair credit practices.  The principal
disclosures required under the Truth in Lending Act include the terms of
repayment, the total finance charge and the annual percentage rate charged on
each loan.  The Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from
discriminating against loan applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age or
marital status.  Pursuant to Regulation B promulgated under the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act, creditors are required to make certain disclosures regarding
consumer rights and advise consumers whose credit applications are not approved
of the reasons for the rejection.  The Fair Credit Reporting Act requires the
Company to provide certain information to consumers whose credit applications
are not approved on the basis of a report obtained from a consumer reporting
agency.

The dealers who originate car loans purchased by the Company also must comply
with both state and federal credit and trade practice statutes and regulations. 
Failure of the dealers to comply with such statutes and regulations could result
in consumers having rights of rescission and other remedies that could have an
adverse effect on the Company.

<PAGE>
Management believes that it maintains all licenses and permits required for its
current operations and is in substantial compliance with all applicable local,
state, and federal regulations.  There can be no assurance, however, that the
Company will be able to maintain all requisite licenses and permits and the
failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could have a material
adverse effect on the operations of the Company.  Further, the adoption of
additional, or the revision of existing rules and regulations could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business.

Employees
- - ---------
At June 30, 1994, the Company employed 183 persons.

Executive Officers
- - ------------------
The following sets forth certain data concerning the executive officers of the
Company and AFSI, all of whom are elected on an annual basis.

     Name                 Age              Position

Clifton H. Morris, Jr.     59      Chairman of the Board, Chief
                                     Executive Officer and President

Dennis R. Adams            39      Senior Vice President, Director of
                                     Collections of AFSI

Michael R. Barrington      35      Vice President and President and
                                     Chief Operating Officer of AFSI

Daniel E. Berce            40      Vice President, Chief Financial
                                     Officer and Treasurer
     
Chris A. Choate            31      General Counsel and Secretary

Edward H. Esstman          53      Senior Vice President, Director of
                                     Consumer Finance of AFSI

CLIFTON H. MORRIS, JR. has been Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company since May 1988, and was also President of the Company
from such date until April 1991 and from April 1992 to the present.  Mr. Morris
is also a director of Service Corporation International, a publicly held company
that owns and operates funeral homes and related businesses, and Cash America
International, Inc., a publicly held pawn brokerage company.

DENNIS R. ADAMS has been Senior Vice President, Director of Collections of AFSI
since AFSI's formation in July 1992.   Mr. Adams was also Vice President,
Director of Collections and Customer Service of the Company from July 1991 until
July 1992.  From September 1985 until July 1991, Mr. Adams acted in various
management capacities at Citicorp National Services, most recently as Collection
Center Manager for Citicorp's National P&L Recovery Center in Dallas, Texas.

<PAGE>
MICHAEL R. BARRINGTON has been President and Chief Operating Officer of AFSI
since AFSI's formation in July 1992.  Mr. Barrington has also been Vice
President of the Company since May 1991.  Mr. Barrington was Assistant to the
Chairman of the Company from July 1989 until May 1991 and Vice President, Credit
and Finance Operations from July 1990 until May 1991.  From December 1984 until
July 1989, Mr. Barrington was employed at Bank One, Texas, N.A. (previously
MBank Fort Worth, N.A.) in various capacities, most recently as Senior Vice
President and Manager of Commercial Lending.

DANIEL E. BERCE is a certified public accountant and has been Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer for the Company since May 1991.  Mr. Berce
was Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from May 1990 until May 1991.  Prior
to that, he was a partner of Coopers & Lybrand, certified public accountants,
for four years and with such firm for fifteen years.

CHRIS A. CHOATE has been General Counsel and Secretary of the Company since
January 1993.  From July 1991 until January 1993, Mr. Choate was Assistant
General Counsel.  Prior to that, he was an associate with the law firm of Jones,
Day, Reaves & Pogue in Dallas, Texas from January 1990 until July 1991 and an
associate with the law firm of Jenkens & Gilchrist in Dallas, Texas from
September 1988 until January 1990.

EDWARD H. ESSTMAN has been Senior Vice President, Director of Consumer Finance
of AFSI since AFSI's formation in July 1992.  From April 1984 until June 1992,
Mr. Esstman acted in various management capacities at Mercury Finance Company,
most recently as Vice President of Administration.

Item 2.  Properties
- - -------------------
The Company's executive offices are located at 200 Bailey Avenue, Fort Worth,
Texas, in a 43,000 square foot building purchased by the Company in February
1994.  All of the Company's branch office facilities are leased under lease
agreements with original terms of two to four years.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings
- - --------------------------
Four lawsuits were filed against the Company, several of its current and former
officers and directors, and certain other defendants, alleging violations of
federal securities and other laws.  The suits were originally filed in July
1990, and in October 1991, the four lawsuits were consolidated into one action.
In May 1993, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas
Division, dismissed with prejudice all claims alleging violations of federal
securities laws.  The plaintiffs' state claims were dismissed for want of
jurisdiction.  The plaintiffs appealed the dismissal to the Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit.  On August 8, 1994, the Court of Appeals for the Fifth
Circuit affirmed the U.S. District Court's dismissal of the lawsuit.

The Company is involved in other lawsuits in the normal course of business.  In
the opinion of management, resolution of these matters will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of
operations or liquidity.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
- - ------------------------------------------------------------
There were no matters submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders
during the fourth quarter ended June 30, 1994.
<PAGE>
                                  PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Company has never paid cash dividends on its common stock.  The Company's
bank line of credit contains certain restrictions on the payment of dividends. 
While the Company has an accumulated deficit at June 30, 1994, the Company
presently intends to retain future earnings, if any, for purposes of funding
operations.

Information contained under the caption "Common Stock Data" in the Annual
Report is incorporated herein by reference in further response to this Item 5.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
- - --------------------------------
Information contained under the caption "Summary Financial and Operating
Information" in the Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference in
response to this Item 6.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
     Results of Operations
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Information contained under the caption "Financial Review" in the Annual Report
is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item 7.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
- - ----------------------------------------------------
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included in the Annual
Report and information contained under the caption "Quarterly Data" in the
Annual Report are incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item 8.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
     Financial Disclosure
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Company had no disagreements on accounting or financial disclosure matters
with its independent accountants to report under this Item 9.

<PAGE>
                                 PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant
- - ------------------------------------------------------------
Information contained under the caption "Election of Directors" in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item 10. 
See Item 1.  "Business - Executive Officers" for information concerning
executive officers.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation
- - --------------------------------
Information contained under the captions "Executive Compensation" and
"Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference in response to this Item 11.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Information contained under the caption "Principal Shareholders and Stock
Ownership of Management" in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference in response to this Item 12.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
- - --------------------------------------------------------
Information contained under the caption "Certain Transactions" in the Proxy
Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item 13.

<PAGE>
                                  PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1)  The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and Report
     of Independent Accountants are contained in the Annual Report and are
     incorporated herein by reference.

Consolidated Financial Statements:

     Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 1994 and 1993.

     Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 1994,
     1993 and 1992.

     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended June
     30, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 1994,
     1993 and 1992.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Report of Independent Accountants

(2)  All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting
     regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission are either not
     required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or the required
     information is included elsewhere in the Consolidated Financial Statements
     and incorporated herein by reference.

(3)  The exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed
     in the Index to Exhibits on pages 17 and 18.

(4)  The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the quarterly
     period ended June 30, 1994.

<PAGE>
                                SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on September 27, 1994.

                           AmeriCredit Corp.

                           BY:     /s/ Clifton H. Morris, Jr.    
                                   Clifton H. Morris, Jr.
                                   Chairman of the Board, Chief
                                     Executive Officer and President

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.

     SIGNATURE                      TITLE                 DATE

/s/ Clifton H. Morris, Jr.   Chairman of the Board,   September 27, 1994
Clifton H. Morris, Jr.         Chief Executive
                               Officer and President

/s/ Daniel E. Berce          Vice President, Chief    September 27, 1994
Daniel E. Berce                Financial Officer and
                               Treasurer and Director

/s/ Michael R. Barrington    Vice President and       September 27, 1994
Michael R. Barrington          Director

/s/ James H. Greer                  Director          September 27, 1994
James H. Greer

/s/ Gerald W. Haddock               Director          September 27, 1994
Gerald W. Haddock

/s/ Kenneth H. Jones, Jr.           Director          September 27, 1994
Kenneth H. Jones, Jr.
<PAGE>
                             INDEX TO EXHIBITS

The following documents are filed as a part of this report.  Those exhibits
previously filed and incorporated herein by reference are identified below. 
Exhibits not required for this report have been omitted.

 Exhibit
 Number                        Description

    *3.1 --    Articles of Incorporation of the Company, filed May 18,
               1988, and Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation,
               filed August 24, 1988 (Exhibit 3.1)
    *3.2 --    Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed October 18,
               1989 (Exhibit 3.2)
  ###3.3 --    Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of
               the Company, filed November 12, 1992 (Exhibit 3.3)
    *3.4 --    Bylaws of the Company (Exhibit 3.4)
    #4.1 --    Specimen stock certificate evidencing the Common Stock
               (Exhibit 4.1)
    *4.2 --    Amended Warrant Agreement, dated September 6, 1989, between
               the Company and Alex Brown & Sons Incorporated and Amendment
               to Warrant Agreement, dated October 24, 1989 (Exhibit 4.3)
    *4.3 --    Amended Warrant Agreement, dated September 6, 1989, between
               the Company and Cazenove Inc. and Amendment to Warrant
               Agreement, dated October 24, 1989 (Exhibit 4.3)
   *10.1 --    1989 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the
               Company (Exhibit 10.4)
   *10.2 --    1989 Stock Option Plan (with Stock Appreciation Rights) for
               the Company (Exhibit 10.5)
  **10.3 --    Amendment No. 1 to the 1989 Stock Option Plan (with Stock
               Appreciation Rights) for the Company (Exhibit 4.6)
   *10.4 --    1987 Incentive Stock Option Plan for the Company (Exhibit
               10.6)
 ***10.5 --    1990 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of the
               Company (Exhibit 10.14)
   #10.6 --    1991 Key Employee Stock Option Plan of the Company (Exhibit
               10.10)
   #10.7 --    1991 Non-employee Director Stock Option Plan of the Company
               (Exhibit 10.11)
   #10.8 --    Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 30, 1991,
               between the Company and Clifton H. Morris, Jr. (Exhibit 10.18)
   #10.9 --    Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 30, 1991,
               between the Company and Michael R. Barrington (Exhibit 10.19)
  #10.10 --    Executive Employment Agreement, dated January 30, 1991,
               between the Company and Daniel E. Berce (Exhibit 10.20)
###10.11 --    Executive Employment Agreement, dated May 20, 1993, between
               the Company and Edward H. Esstman
###10.12 --    Executive Employment Agreement, dated August 18, 1993,
               between the Company and Dennis R. Adams
 ##10.13 --    Stock Purchase Agreement By and Between AmeriCredit Corp.,
               as Seller, and Pacific Automart Inc., as Buyer, dated April
               30, 1993 (Exhibit 10.1)
 ##10.14 --    Stock Purchase, Release and Confidentiality Agreement By
               and Between AmeriCredit Corp. and Pacific Automart Inc., dated
               August 3, 1993 (Exhibit 10.2)
<PAGE>
                             INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                (Continued)

  ^10.15 --    Revolving Credit Agreement, dated October 18, 1993, between 
               AmeriCredit Corp. and subsidiaries and First Interstate Bank
               of Texas, N.A. (Exhibit 10.1)
  @10.16 --    Stock Option Purchase Agreement, dated April 4, 1994, between
               AmeriCredit Corp. and Rainwater Management Partners, Ltd.
   @11.1 --    Schedule Re Computation of Per Share Earnings
   @13.1 --    1994 Annual Report to Shareholders of the Company
   @21.1 --    Subsidiaries of the Company
   @23.1 --    Consent of Coopers & Lybrand
   @27.1 --    Financial Data Schedule
   _____________________________________________________________________

*        Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis
         included in Registration Statement No. 33-31220 on Form S-1 filed by
         the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
**       Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis
         included in Registration Statement No. 33-41203 on Form S-8 filed by
         the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
***      Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis
         included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
         ended June 30, 1990 filed by the Company with the Securities and
         Exchange Commission.
#        Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis
         included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
         ended June 30, 1991 filed by the Company with the Securities and
         Exchange Commission.
##       Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis
         included in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3,
         1993 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
         Commission.
###      Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis included
         in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June
         30, 1993 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
         Commission.
^        Incorporated by reference to the exhibit shown in parenthesis included
         in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
         period ended September 30, 1993 filed by the Company with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission.
@        Filed herewith.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK OPTION PURCH AGRMT
<TEXT>

                                                            EXHIBIT 10.16


                      STOCK OPTION PURCHASE AGREEMENT

     THIS STOCK OPTION PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"), dated as of
April 4, 1994, is between AMERICREDIT CORP., a Texas corporation formerly named
URCARCO, Inc., ("AmeriCredit"), and RAINWATER MANAGEMENT PARTNERS, LTD.,
a Texas limited partnership "RMP").

                                 RECITALS

     WHEREAS, AmeriCredit has issued to RMP an option "Option") to purchase 3.5
million shares of its Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, pursuant to a
Stock Option Agreement, dated as of April 24, 1991, between AmeriCredit and
RMP (the "Stock Option Agreement"), and AmeriCredit desires to purchase the
Option from RMP and cancel the Stock Option Agreement and the related
Registration Rights Agreement and the Management Services Agreement, each
entered into as of April 24, 1991, between AmeriCredit and RMP (herein
referred to as the Registration Rights Agreement and the Management Services
Agreement), and RMP desires to sell the Option to AmeriCredit and to cancel
each of such agreements.

                                 AGREEMENT

     NOW, THEREFORE, for an in consideration of the mutual agreements herein
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

<PAGE>
     Section 1.  Sale of Option.  RMP hereby sells, assigns, transfers, conveys,
sets over and delivers to AmeriCredit the Option and all rights, title, interest
and claims possessed by RMP under the Option and the Stock Option Agreement,
together with all other right, title and interest and claim in and to the
Common Stock of AmeriCredit issuable thereunder and all rights, title and
interest and claims accrued and/or accruing under the Registration Rights
Agreement and the Management Services Agreement, in consideration for $6,237,000
in hand paid in good funds on this date (the "Sale").  The payment made by
AmeriCredit hereunder is in full and final settlement and satisfaction of all
obligations of whatsoever nature now or hereafter due by AmeriCredit to RMP,
its partners, legal representatives, successors and assigns under the Option,
the Stock Option Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the
Management Services Agreement (other than indemnifications obligations, if
any, relating to this transaction or facts or circumstances occurring prior to
this transaction).  RMP hereby surrenders unto AmeriCredit the Stock Option
Agreement for cancellation in accordance with the terms hereof, and
AmeriCredit hereby acknowledges receipt of the original Stock Option Agreement,
and hereby agrees to promptly mark it "cancelled".  RMP hereby acknowledges
receipt of $6,237,000 in good funds from AmeriCredit, and RMP, on its own
behalf and on behalf of its partners, legal representatives and its
successors and assigns, hereby unconditionally and forever waives, relinquishes
and releases all right, title, interest and claim accrued or accruing to the
benefit of RMP under the Option and the Stock Option Agreement and under the
Management Services Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.

     Section 2.  Representations of AmeriCredit.  AmeriCredit represents that it
has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement;
this Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action on the
part of AmeriCredit and has been duly executed and delivered by AmeriCredit;
AmeriCredit has obtained all consents and approvals requisite to the
transactions contemplated hereby; and this Agreement constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of AmeriCredit, enforceable against AmeriCredit,
its legal representatives, successors and assigns, in accordance with its terms.

     Section 3.  Representations of RMP.  RMP represents that:

     (a) Any and all rights RMP, its partners and its and their legal
representatives, successors and assigns, possess in and to the Option and in
and to shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option or in and to
any other rights accrued or accruing under the Option, the Stock Option
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and/or the Management Services
Agreement, are hereby and shall hereafter be null and void and are of no further
force or effect.

     (b) RMP has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this
Agreement; this Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite partnership
action on the part of RMP; RMP has obtained all consents and approvals requisite
to the transactions contemplated hereby; and this Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by RMP, and constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of RMP, enforceable against RMP, its partners and its and their legal
representatives, successors and assigns, in accordance with its terms.

     (c) RMP is the true and lawful owner of the Option and no part of the
Option is in any respect encumbered or committed to be encumbered, and there are
no other persons or entities claiming an interest therein, and RMP has not
assigned to any person or entity any interest or rights under the Stock Option
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Management Services
Agreement, and no other persons or entities have a claim or any interest or
rights thereunder.

<PAGE>
     Section 4.  Miscellaneous.

     (a) Binding Effect.  This Agreement may not be assigned by either party
hereto.  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors or
permitted assigns.

     (b) Severability.  Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, in such jurisdiction, be ineffective to
the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the
remaining provision hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any
other jurisdiction.

     (c) Entire Agreement; Modifications.  This instrument contains the entire
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby.  Neither this Agreement nor any provisions hereof may be
waived, modified, amended, discharged or terminated except by an instrument in
writing signed by the party to be charged, and then only to the extent set forth
in such instrument.

     (d) Headings.  Descriptive headings contained herein are for convenience of
reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation hereof.

     (e) Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed simultaneously or in two
or more counterparts, each of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

     (f) Applicable Law.  The rights and obligations of the parties to this
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas applicable to
contracts made or to be performed entirely within such state.

     (g) Further Assurances.  Each party hereto agrees to execute any and all
documents, and to perform such other acts, whether before or after the date
hereof, that may be reasonably necessary or expedient to further the purposes of
this Agreement or to further assure the benefits intended to be conferred
hereby.

     (h) Survival.  All representations, warranties, obligations and under-
takings of the parties set forth herein shall survive the execution and delivery
of this Agreement and Sale and other transactions contemplated hereby.

<PAGE>
     The parties execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.

                        AMERICREDIT CORP.


                        By:        /s/ Clifton H. Morris, Jr.             
                             Clifton H. Morris, Jr., Chairman of the
                             Board of Directors, President and 
                             Chief Executive Officer

                        RAINWATER MANAGEMENT PARTNERS, LTD.

                        By:  Rainwater, Inc., its sole general partner

                             By:            /s/ John C. Goff           
                                   John C. Goff, Vice President

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                                                             EXHIBIT 11.1
                             AMERICREDIT CORP.
              STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
             (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Years Ended              
                            June 30,     June 30,    June 30,
                              1994         1993        1992  
<S>                       <C>          <C>          <C>           
PRIMARY:

Average common shares
 outstanding . . . . . . . 29,067,323   29,267,419   31,482,225

Common share equivalents
 resulting from
 assumed exercise
 of stock options
 and warrants. . . . . . .  2,750,760                          
                           ----------   ----------   ----------
Average common shares 
 and share equivalents
 outstanding . . . . . . . 31,818,083   29,267,419   31,482,225
                           ==========   ==========   ==========
FULLY DILUTED:

Average common shares
 outstanding . . . . . . . 29,067,323   29,267,419   31,482,225

Common share equivalents
 resulting from
 assumed exercise 
 of stock options
 and warrants. . . . . . .  2,750,760                          
                           ----------   ----------   ----------
Average common shares
 and share equiv-
 alents outstanding. . . . 31,818,083   29,267,419   31,482,225
                           ==========   ==========   ==========
NET INCOME (LOSS). . . . .$     5,065 ($    19,366)($    24,201)
                           ==========   ==========   ==========
EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE:

 Primary . . . . . . . . .$       .16 ($       .66)($       .77)
                           ==========   ==========   ========== 
 Fully diluted . . . . . .$       .16 ($       .66)($       .77)
                           ==========   ===========  ==========
</TABLE>

Primary earnings (loss) per share has been computed by dividing net income
(loss) by the average common shares and share equivalents outstanding.  Common
share equivalents were computed using the treasury stock method.  The average
common stock market price for the period was used to determine the number of
common share equivalents.

Fully diluted earnings (loss) per share has been computed in the same manner as
primary earnings (loss) per share except that the higher of the average or end
of period common stock market price was used to determine the number of common
share equivalents.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                             EXHIBIT 21.1



                             AMERICREDIT CORP.

                        SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY





                                                     State of
     Subsidiary                 Ownership %        Incorporation

URCARCO Operating Co., Inc.        100%             Delaware

Crestpointe General Agency, Inc.   100%             Texas

AmeriCredit Financial Services,
  Inc.                             100%             Delaware

ACF Investment Corp.               100%             Delaware

AmeriCredit Premium Finance, Inc.  100%             Delaware

URCARCO Enterprises, Inc.          100%             Texas

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                                         
                                                             EXHIBIT 23.1





                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS



We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements of
AmeriCredit Corp. on Form S-8 (File Nos. 33-41203 and 33-48162) of our report
dated August 9, 1994, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as
of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992,
which report is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.




Fort Worth, Texas
September 27, 1994











</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF AMERICREDIT CORP. INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
INTO THE COMPANY'S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994
AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JUL-01-1993
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1994
<CASH>                                          15,756
<SECURITIES>                                    26,506
<RECEIVABLES>                                   81,480
<ALLOWANCES>                                   (9,330)
<INVENTORY>                                          0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                     0
<PP&E>                                           9,153
<DEPRECIATION>                                 (3,808)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 122,215
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                0
<BONDS>                                            388
<COMMON>                                           318
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     119,183
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   122,215
<SALES>                                              0
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                15,882
<CGS>                                                0
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                    9,400
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                     0
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 1,249
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                 168
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  5,065
<INCOME-TAX>                                         0
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                  0
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                     5,065
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                      .16
<EPS-DILUTED>                                      .16
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>


[TEXT]
<PAGE>
Letter to Shareholders

We are pleased to report that AmeriCredit Corp. posted a profit in our first
full year in the indirect automobile lending business.    The Company earned
$5.1 million or $0.16 per share for the year ended June 30, 1994, compared to
a loss of $19.4 million or $0.66 per share for the year ended June 30, 1993. 
The prior year's results included charges of $20.4 million related to a
restructuring of the Company.  We have now reported six consecutive profitable
quarters since the restructuring.

These positive financial results reflect the performance of our core indirect
lending business.  The financial measures of our growth in indirect lending
are evident.  We originated $65.9 million of loans during fiscal 1994,
increasing the size of our indirect lending portfolio by 325% to $67.6 million
at June 30, 1994 from $16.0 million at the beginning of the year.  Finance
charge income from indirect lending  was $7.8 million for the year ended June
30, 1994, compared to $1.1 million for the previous year.

Other steps we are taking to build the indirect lending business are just as
important to our long-term success.  We are creating a solid foundation of
people and systems to support our future growth plans.

We opened 13 branch offices in fiscal 1994 bringing our branch network to 18
offices in 13 states as of June 30, 1994.  In addition to attracting
experienced branch managers for each of these new locations, we also added
four seasoned regional managers to supervise our expanding branch operations.

In the latter part of the fiscal year, we hired ten marketing
representatives who are responsible for marketing our lending programs to auto
dealerships primarily located outside our existing branch territories.  Unlike
our branch managers, the marketing representatives do not have credit
authority.  A central purchasing office has been set up at our headquarters
facility in Fort Worth to underwrite finance contracts generated by these
marketing representatives.  We believe that this initiative creates excellent
growth opportunities for us in new markets and may enable us to expedite our
national presence.

We have made further investments in technology in an effort to increase our
operating efficiency and strengthen controls.  We recently installed an
automated application processing system in the branch network.  This system
streamlines the credit application process, while allowing management to have
central access to all applications.  In addition, a credit scoring system has
been developed which is designed to empirically assess the credit quality of
our applicant base.  Credit scoring should enhance the credit skills of our
branch managers and could allow us, over time, to participate in a wider
spectrum of the market.  We believe that our credit scoring technology is
unique among secondary finance lenders.
<PAGE>
Consistent with our emphasis on the risk management aspects of our business,
we have continued to upgrade our analytical systems and skills.  While there
is no way to eliminate the risks inherent in our business, it is critical that
secondary finance lenders, such as AmeriCredit, develop the tools to assess 
risk and potential returns.  We are monitoring key variables of the loan
origination process and portfolio performance.  We also review cash-on-cash
returns not only on a consolidated basis, but also at the branch, dealer and
transaction levels.  Our objective is to attain a proper balance of credit
risk and projected returns.  The companies with the best risk management
capabilities should ultimately have the greatest long-term success in our
business.

With a sound infrastructure in place, we believe that AmeriCredit is poised to
pursue a greater share of our large, highly fragmented industry.  Although
competition is intense, we believe that our technological investments and
personnel expertise provide us a competitive advantage.  We plan to open one
branch per month, add additional marketing representatives and expand loan
production capacity at existing branch offices in fiscal 1995.

The Company's current financial position is strong with over $42 million in
cash, cash equivalents and investment securities and virtually no debt as of
June 30, 1994.  Our growth plans for fiscal 1995 will, however, require us to
obtain additional external capital.  We are pursuing an expansion of our bank
line of credit, which is currently $20 million, and a securitization of a
portion of our finance receivables portfolio.  We will keep you informed of
our progress in this area.

AmeriCredit has generated new shareholder interest and analyst coverage in
recent months.  These shareholders and analysts have helped us communicate our
strategies and goals.  We appreciate their support.

The past year was an important rebuilding period for AmeriCredit.  We thank
all of our employees, dealer customers and consumer customers for the
excellent relationships we have developed.  Management is committed, with the
help of these relationships, to creating significant long-term shareholder
value.


Sincerely,



Clifton H. Morris, Jr.
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President

September 16, 1994
<PAGE>
Corporate Profile

AmeriCredit Corp. is a consumer finance company specializing primarily in
financing automobile sales contracts.  The Company is headquartered in Fort
Worth, Texas.  As of September 15, 1994, the Company operated 20 consumer
lending branch offices located in 15 states and had ten marketing
representatives soliciting contracts underwritten at its central purchasing
office.

Through its branch offices and marketing representatives, the Company serves
as a funding source for franchised and independent dealers to finance their
customers' purchases of primarily used automobiles.  The Company targets
consumers who are typically unable to obtain financing from traditional
sources.  Consumer finance contracts originated by the dealers which conform
to the Company's credit policies are purchased by the Company, generally for a
non-refundable acquisition fee and without recourse to the dealer.  Such
consumer finance loans typically range in amount from $6,000 to $12,000, with
repayment terms usually ranging from 24 to 60 months.  The Company services
its consumer loan portfolio at its central facility using automated loan
servicing and collection systems.
<PAGE>
                                AMERICREDIT CORP.
                   SUMMARY FINANCIAL AND OPERATING INFORMATION
                  (dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Years Ended                       
                           June 30,  June 30,  June 30,   June 30,  June 30,
                             1994      1993(a)   1992      1991      1990 
<S>                      <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>
Operating Data:

  Finance charge income  $  12,788  $  13,904  $  23,989  $  30,737  $  12,452

  Sales                                 8,271     48,454    155,924    150,417

  Net income (loss)          5,065 (   19,366)(   24,201)(   36,188)    15,802

  Earnings (loss) per
    share                      .16 (      .66)(      .77)(     1.15)       .68

  Weighted average
    shares and share
    equivalents         31,818,083 29,267,419 31,482,225 31,388,686 23,303,989

<CAPTION>
                           June 30,  June 30,  June 30,   June 30,  June 30,
                             1994      1993      1992      1991      1990 

<S>                      <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Balance Sheet Data:

  Cash and cash equivalents
   and investment
   securities             $ 42,262  $  68,425  $  39,303  $  14,255  $  71,894

  Finance receivables,
   net                      72,150     43,889     69,527    115,399    112,109

  Total assets             122,215    131,127    153,564    181,388    223,371

  Total liabilities          2,714      8,343      6,224      9,486     15,282

  Shareholders' equity     119,501    122,784    147,340    171,902    208,089

</TABLE>


    (a)   As further described in the Financial Review, the Company withdrew
          from the retail used car sales business effective December 31, 1992.<PAGE>


                             FINANCIAL REVIEW
GENERAL

Since September 1992, the Company has been in the business of purchasing
finance contracts originated by franchised and independent car dealers,
generally referred to as indirect consumer lending.  Beginning April 1993, the
Company has also financed insurance premiums for consumers purchasing car
insurance through independent insurance agents.

The Company previously engaged in the retail used car sales and finance
business.  However, in connection with a restructuring during the year ended
June 30, 1993, the Company withdrew from the retail used car sales business
effective December 31, 1992.  The finance receivables originated in this
previous business are referred to as the direct lending portfolio and are
being liquidated over time as the contracts are collected or charged off.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
- - -----------------------
Year Ended June 30, 1994 as compared to Year Ended June 30, 1993
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenue:

The Company's overall finance charge income consisted of the following (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Years Ended           
                                   June 30,          June 30,
                                     1994              1993   
<S>                             <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>
Indirect consumer lending        $ 7,820   61%    $ 1,125     8%
Direct lending                     3,711   29      12,718    92
Premium finance                    1,257   10          61      
                                  ------  ---      ------   --- 
                                 $12,788  100%    $13,904   100%
                                  ======  ===      ======   ===
</TABLE>

The increase in finance charge income for the indirect consumer lending
business is a result of growth in average net finance receivables outstanding. 
The Company purchased $65.9 million of indirect loans during fiscal 1994
increasing the size of its indirect consumer lending portfolio to $67.6
million at June 30, 1994 from $16.0 million at June 30, 1993.  This growth
resulted from loan production at branches open at the beginning of the fiscal
year as well as expansion of the Company's loan production capacity.  The
Company opened thirteen branch offices in fiscal 1994 compared to five new
locations opened during fiscal 1993.  Ten marketing representatives were also
added in fiscal 1994.  The decrease in direct lending finance charge income is
due to liquidation of the direct lending portfolio.  The Company's overall
effective yield on its finance receivables increased to 20.4% from 18.5%
primarily as a result of higher finance charge rates realized in the Company's
indirect consumer lending business.  The effective yield on indirect consumer
lending receivables was 20.8% for the year ended June 30, 1994, while the
effective yield on direct lending receivables was 17.6% for the same period.

Investment income increased as a result of higher average cash and cash
equivalents and investment securities balances in fiscal 1994.  The Company's
yield on its cash and cash equivalents and investment securities was 3.8% for
the year ended June 30, 1994 as compared to 3.6% for the year ended June 30,
1993.

<PAGE>
Other income for the year ended June 30, 1994 included $105,000 related to the
Company's participation in certain joint ventures which acquire and collect
distressed receivables portfolios.  These joint ventures were formed during
fiscal  1994.

As described under the caption "General" above, the Company exited the retail
used car sales business effective December 31, 1992, and thus did not have
sales in fiscal 1994.

The Company's share of operating results of its former affiliate, Pacific
Automart Inc., resulted in income of $392,000 for the year ended June 30,
1993.  The Company sold its entire interest in Pacific Automart Inc. for
$11,300,000 in cash on August 3, 1993.  No gain or loss was recognized on the
sale.

Costs and Expenses:

Operating expenses as a percentage of average net finance receivables
outstanding decreased to 15.0% for the year ended June 30, 1994 as compared to
18.2% for the year ended June 30, 1993.  The ratio improved as a result of the
Company's ability to leverage its fixed overhead costs by growing its finance
receivables portfolio.  The dollar amount of operating expenses decreased by
31%, or $4.3 million, to $9.4 million from $13.7 million.  The overall
operating expense reduction was a result of the Company's exit from the retail
used car sales business.

The provision for losses decreased to $1.2 million as compared to $8.0
million.  Further discussion concerning the provision for losses is included
in the paragraph below and under the caption, "Finance Receivables".

The restructuring charges of $15.4 million in the year ended June 30, 1993
related to the Company's exit from the retail used car sales business.  These
restructuring charges included an accrual of future retail lease and other
facility costs, a write-down of used car inventories, a write-down of property
and equipment and other assets and an accrual of other costs necessary to
complete the liquidation of the retail sales operations.  In addition, the
Company recorded a provision for losses of $5.0 million in connection with the
restructuring in light of the impact that closure of the Company's retail
sales locations could have on the Company's direct finance customer base.

Year Ended June 30, 1993 as compared to Year Ended June 30, 1992
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenue:

The Company's overall finance charge income decreased to $13.9 million as
compared to $24.0 million because of a decrease in average net finance
receivables outstanding.  The overall finance receivables portfolio decreased
to $56.5 million at June 30, 1993 from $107.0 million at June 30, 1992.  This
decline in portfolio size during fiscal 1993 was due to the Company's phase
down and subsequent exit from the retail used car sales business, which was
the Company's sole source for finance contracts prior to its entry into
indirect consumer lending and premium finance.  The Company's indirect
consumer lending and premium finance businesses, which were formed in fiscal
1993, contributed $1,125,000 and $61,000, respectively, of finance charge
income for the year ended June 30, 1993.  The Company's overall effective
yield on its finance receivables increased to 18.5% from 16.9%.

<PAGE>
Investment income increased as a result of higher average cash and cash
equivalents and investment securities balances in fiscal 1993.  The Company's
yield on its cash and cash equivalents and investment securities was 3.6% for
both the years ended June 30, 1993 and 1992.

Other income for the year ended June 30, 1992 consisted primarily of
commissions earned by the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Crestpointe
General Agency, Inc., based upon the claims loss experience from certain
collateral insurance policies financed by the Company through April 1991. 
Since these policies had only a one-year term, the amount of commissions
earned during the year ended June 30, 1993 decreased compared to the year
ended June 30, 1992.

Sales decreased due to the Company's phase down and exit from the retail used
car sales business effective December 31, 1992.

The Company's share of operating results of its former affiliate, Pacific
Automart Inc., resulted in income of $392,000 for the year ended June 30, 1993
compared to a loss of $777,000 for the year ended June 30, 1992.

Costs and Expenses:

Operating expenses as a percentage of average net finance receivables
outstanding remained constant at 18.2% for both fiscal years.  The dollar
amount of operating expenses decreased by 47%, or $12.1 million, to $13.7
million from $25.8 million.  These expenses decreased due to the Company's
phase down and exit from the retail used car sales business.

The provision for losses decreased to $8.0 million as compared to $39.4
million.  Further discussion concerning the provision for losses is included
under the caption, "Finance Receivables".

FINANCE RECEIVABLES

The Company provides financing in relatively high-risk markets, and therefore,
charge-offs and related losses are anticipated.  The Company records a
periodic provision for losses as a charge to operations and a related
allowance for losses in the consolidated balance sheet as a reserve against
estimated future losses in the finance receivables portfolio.  In the indirect
consumer lending business, the Company typically purchases individual finance
contracts for a non-refundable acquisition fee on a non-recourse basis, and
such acquisition fees are recorded  in the consolidated balance sheet as an
allowance for losses.  The Company reviews historical origination and charge-
off relationships, charge-off experience factors, collections information,
delinquency reports, estimates of the value of the underlying collateral,
economic conditions and trends and other information in order to make the
necessary judgments as to the appropriateness of the periodic provision for
losses and the allowance for losses.  Although the Company uses many resources
to assess the adequacy of the allowance for losses, there is no precise method
for accurately estimating the ultimate losses in the finance receivables
portfolio.
<PAGE>
Net finance receivables represented 59.0% of the Company's total assets at
June 30, 1994.  The following table presents certain data related to the
finance receivables portfolio (dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     June 30, 1994                        
                        Indirect    Direct    Premium      Total  
<S>                     <C>       <C>        <C>         <C>
Gross finance
  receivables            $80,507   $ 8,467    $ 6,631     $95,605
Unearned finance
 charges and fees       ( 12,871) (    770)  (    484)   ( 14,125)
                          ------    ------     ------      ------
Finance receivables
 (principal amount)       67,636     7,697      6,147      81,480
Allowance for losses    (  7,721) (  1,173)  (    436)   (  9,330)
                          ------    ------     ------      ------
 Finance receivables,
   net                   $59,915   $ 6,524    $ 5,711     $72,150
                          ======    ======     ======      ======
Number of outstanding
 contracts                 9,375     4,232     11,867      25,474
                          ======    ======     ======      ======
Allowance for losses as
 a percentage of finance
 receivables (principal
 amount)                    11.4%     15.2%       7.1%       11.5%
                          ======    ======     ======      ======  
Average amount of 
 outstanding contract
 (principal amount)
 (in dollars)            $ 7,215   $ 1,819    $   518     $ 3,199
                          ======    ======     ======      ======
</TABLE>

Indirect Finance Receivables:

The following is a summary of indirect consumer lending contracts which are
more than 60 days delinquent (dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           June 30,   June 30,
                                             1994       1993  
<S>                                        <C>        <C>
Principal amount of delinquent contracts    $1,269     $  137
Principal amount of delinquent contracts as
 a percentage of total net indirect finance
 receivables outstanding                       1.9%        .9%

</TABLE>
<PAGE>
The following table presents charge-off data with respect to the Company's
indirect finance receivables portfolio (dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Years Ended      
                                          June 30,      June 30,
                                            1994          1993  
<S>                                       <C>           <C>
Net charge-offs                            $1,432        $ 49
Net charge-offs as a percentage of 
 average net indirect finance
 receivables outstanding                      3.8%         .7%

</TABLE>

The Company recorded periodic provisions for losses of $1,062,000 and $435,000
related to its indirect finance receivables portfolio for the years ended June
30, 1994 and 1993, respectively.  The Company also accounts for acquisition
fees on indirect consumer lending contracts as additional allowances for
losses.

The Company began its indirect consumer lending business in September 1992. 
Accordingly, the delinquency and charge-off data above is not necessarily
indicative of delinquency and charge-off experience that could be expected for
a more seasoned portfolio.

Direct Finance Receivables:

The following is a summary of direct lending contracts which are more than
three payments delinquent if payment terms are weekly, bi-weekly or semi-
monthly, and 60 days delinquent if payment terms are monthly (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           June 30,       June 30,
                                             1994           1993  
<S>                                        <C>            <C>
Number of delinquent contracts                319            811
Number of delinquent contracts as a 
  percentage of the total number of
  contracts outstanding                       7.5%           6.9%

Amount of delinquent contracts *           $  897         $4,104
Amount of delinquent contracts as a
  percentage of total gross direct
  finance receivables outstanding *          10.6%           9.1%

</TABLE>

*
    Includes unearned finance charges
<PAGE>
The following table presents repossession and charge-off data with respect to
the Company's direct finance receivables portfolio:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Years Ended             
                                 June 30,   June 30,     June 30,
                                   1994       1993         1992 
<S>                             <C>        <C>         <C>
Repossessions and other
  charge-offs                      2,613      7,780       8,617
Repossessions and other
  charge-offs as a percentage
  of the average number of
  contracts outstanding             32.9%      49.4%       37.7%
Net charge-offs
  (in thousands)                 $ 7,626    $34,191     $48,578
Average net charge-off           $ 2,918    $ 4,395     $ 5,637
Net charge-offs as a percentage
 of average direct finance
 receivables outstanding, less
 unearned finance charges           36.2%      49.0%       34.2%

</TABLE>

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average direct finance receivables
outstanding has decreased as the portfolio has become more seasoned and
average outstanding contract balances have decreased.

The Company recorded provisions for losses of $7,522,000 and $39,350,000
related to its direct lending portfolio for the years ended June 30, 1993 and
1992, respectively.  No provision for losses was recorded for the year ended
June 30, 1994.  As of June 30, 1994, the Company reassigned $2,000,000 of
allowances for losses from the direct lending portfolio to the indirect
consumer lending and premium finance portfolios based upon an evaluation of
the level of reserves necessary for the remaining liquidation of the direct
lending finance receivables.


Premium Finance Receivables:

Premium finance loans made by the Company are collateralized by the unearned
premium value of the car insurance policies financed.  If the consumer
defaults on the payment terms of the loan, the Company has the right to cancel
the insurance policy and obtain a refund of unearned premiums from the
insurance carrier.  While the Company generally requires a sufficient down
payment and limits the terms of loans so that the unearned premium value
typically exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the loan, charge-offs
may still result from untimely policy cancellations, short rate insurance
premium refunds, non-refundable policy fees, insurance company or agency
insolvencies or other factors.  The Company recorded periodic provisions for
losses of $187,000 and $7,000 related to its premium finance receivables
portfolio for the years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively.
<PAGE>
The following table presents charge-off data with respect to the Company's
premium finance receivables portfolio (dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Years Ended     
                                 June 30,  June 30,
                                   1994      1993  
<S>                              <C>       <C>
Net charge-offs                   $158        -

Net charge-offs as a percentage
 of average net premium finance
 receivables outstanding           3.7%       -

</TABLE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Company's cash flows are summarized as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Years Ended            
                                 June 30,   June 30,    June 30,
                                   1994       1993        1992  
<S>                            <C>         <C>         <C>
Operating activities             $ 3,900     $17,332    $21,434
Investing activities            ( 12,174)   (  8,121)  (  3,889)
Financing activities            (  9,238)   (  5,705)  (  2,038)
                                  ------      ------     ------
Net increase (decrease) in
 cash and cash equivalents      ($17,512)    $ 3,506    $15,507
                                  ======      ======     ======
</TABLE>

In addition to the net change in cash and cash equivalents shown above, the
Company also had a net decrease in investment securities of $8,651,000 for the
year ended June 30, 1994 and net increases in investment securities of
$25,616,000 and $9,541,000 for the years ended June 30, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  Such amounts are included as investing activities in the above
table.

The Company's primary source of cash has been collections and recoveries on
its finance receivables portfolio.  The Company also received an income tax
refund of $10.5 million in October 1992 and proceeds from the sale of its
interest in Pacific Automart Inc. of $11.3 million in August 1993.

The Company's primary use of cash has been purchases and originations of
finance receivables.  The Company entered the indirect consumer lending
business in September 1992 and has grown the indirect finance receivables
portfolio to $67.6 million as of June 30, 1994.  The Company operated eighteen
indirect consumer lending branches in thirteen states and had ten marketing
representatives as of June 30, 1994.  The Company plans to open twelve
additional consumer lending branches, add additional marketing
representatives, and expand loan production capacity at existing branch
offices in fiscal 1995.  While the Company has been able to establish and grow
this business thus far, there can be no assurance that future expansion will
be successful due to competitive, regulatory, market, economic or other
factors.

<PAGE> 
The Company's Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to
6,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock.  A total of 3,017,300 shares
of common stock at an aggregate purchase price of $8,743,000 had been
purchased pursuant to this program through June 30, 1994.

On April 4, 1994, the Company purchased and cancelled the stock option to
purchase up to 3,500,000 shares of its common stock held by Rainwater
Management Partners, Ltd. for $1.782 per option share or $6,237,000.  The
stock option had an exercise price of $3.218 per share and was exercisable
through April 24, 1994.

As of June 30, 1994, the Company had $42.3 million in cash and cash
equivalents and investment securities.  The Company also has a revolving
credit agreement with a bank under which the Company may borrow up to $20
million.  The Company estimates that it will require additional external
capital in fiscal 1995 in addition to these existing capital resources and
collections and recoveries on its finance receivables portfolio in order to
fund expansion of its indirect consumer lending business, capital
expenditures, any additional common stock repurchases and other costs and
expenses.

The Company anticipates that such funding will be in the form of an expanded
bank line of credit and securitization of a portion of its finance receivables
portfolio.  There can be no assurance that external funding will be available,
or if available, that it will be on terms acceptable to the Company.

<PAGE>
                             AMERICREDIT CORP.
                        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                          (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       June 30,     June 30,
                                         1994         1993  
<S>                                    <C>          <C>
ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents              $ 15,756     $ 33,268
Investment securities                    26,506       35,157
Finance receivables, net                 72,150       43,889
Property and equipment, net               5,345        5,582
Other assets                              2,458        1,931
Investment in affiliate                               11,300
                                        -------      -------
           Total assets                $122,215     $131,127
                                        =======      =======
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Liabilities:
 Notes payable                         $    388     $  1,278
 Accounts payable                           281          204
 Accrued taxes and expenses               2,045        6,861
                                        -------      -------
           Total liabilities              2,714        8,343
                                        -------      -------
Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, $.01 par value
    per share, 20,000,000 shares
    authorized; none issued
 Common stock, $.01 par value per 
    per share, 120,000,000 shares          
    authorized; 31,757,333 and
    31,723,733 shares issued                318          317
 Additional paid-in capital             183,588      189,695
 Accumulated deficit                  (  55,717)   (  60,782)
                                        -------      -------
                                        128,189      129,230
     
 Treasury stock, at cost (3,008,360
    and 2,614,200 shares)             (   8,688)   (   6,446)
                                        -------      -------
    Total shareholders' equity          119,501      122,784
                                        -------      -------
    Total liabilities and shareholders'
      equity                           $122,215     $131,127
                                        =======      =======

</TABLE>

                The accompanying notes are an integral part
                of these consolidated financial statements
<PAGE>

                             AMERICREDIT CORP.
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
               (dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Years Ended              
                               June 30,     June 30,     June 30,
                                 1994         1993         1992  
<S>                         <C)          <C>          <C>
                            
Revenue:
 Finance charge income       $    12,788  $    13,904  $    23,989
 Investment income                 2,550        2,052          857
 Other income                        544          262        1,694
 Sales                                          8,271       48,454
 Equity in income (loss) of
    affiliate                                     392 (        777)
                              ----------   ----------   ----------
                                  15,882       24,881       74,217
                              ----------   ----------   ----------
Costs and expenses:
 Operating expenses                9,400       13,672       25,816
 Provision for losses              1,249        7,964       39,350
 Interest expense                    168          221          322
 Cost of sales                                  6,986       31,986
 Restructuring charges                         15,404                 
                              ----------   ----------   ----------
                                  10,817       44,247       97,474
                              ----------   ----------   ----------
Income (loss) before income
 taxes                             5,065 (     19,366)(     23,257)

Provision for income taxes                            (        944)
                              ----------   ----------   ----------
Net income (loss)            $     5,065 ($    19,366)($    24,201)
                              ==========   ==========   ==========
Earnings (loss) per share    $       .16 ($       .66)($       .77)
                              ==========   ==========   ==========
Weighted average shares and
 share equivalents            31,818,083   29,267,419   31,482,225
                              ==========   ==========   ========== 

</TABLE>


                The accompanying notes are an integral part
                of these consolidated financial statements

<PAGE>
                                AMERICREDIT CORP.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                              (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                               Additional
                         Common Stock    Treasury Stock  Paid-in   Accumulated
                        hares   Amount   Shares Amount   Capital     Deficit
<S>                 <C>         <C>   <C>       <C>    <C>         <C>

Balance at
 July 1, 1991        31,388,901  $314                   $188,803   ($17,215)

Common stock 
 issued on exercise
 of option              112,665     1                        232

Purchase of
  treasury stock                        220,500 ($  594)

Net loss                                                           ( 24,201)
                     ----------   --- ---------   -----  -------     ------
Balance at
 June 30, 1992       31,501,566   315   220,500 (   594) 189,035   ( 41,416)

Common stock
 issued on exercise
 of options             222,167     2                        660

Purchase of
  treasury stock                      2,393,700 ( 5,852)

Net loss                                                           ( 19,366)
                     ----------  ---  ---------   -----   -------    ------
Balance at
 June 30, 1993       31,723,733  317  2,614,200 ( 6,446)  189,695  ( 60,782)

Common stock
 issued on exercise
 of options              33,600    1                          130

Purchase of
 treasury stock                         403,100 ( 2,297)

Purchase and
 cancellation of
 stock option                                            (  6,237)

Contribution of
  common stock
  to employee
  benefit plan                       (    8,940)     55

Net income                                                            5,065
                    ----------   ---  ---------   -----   -------    ------
Balance at
 June 30, 1994      31,757,333  $318  3,008,360 ($8,688) $183,588  ($55,717)
                    ==========   ===  =========   =====   =======    ====== 
</TABLE>
                   The accompanying notes are an integral part
                    of these consolidated financial statements

<PAGE>
                                AMERICREDIT CORP.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                              (dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Years Ended             
                                              June 30,   June 30,    June 30,
                                                1994       1993        1992 
<S>                                          <C>        <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income (loss)                           $ 5,065    ($19,366)  ($24,201)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income
    (loss) to net cash provided by 
    operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization              1,274       1,862      2,067
     Provision for losses                       1,249       7,964     39,350
     Equity in (income) loss of affiliate                (    392)       777
     Deferred income taxes                                            12,082
     Restructuring charges                                  2,401
     Changes in assets and liabilities:
       Decrease in other assets                 1,051      11,683        906
       Decrease (increase) in income tax
         refunds receivable                                10,546   (  7,359)
       Increase (decrease) in accounts
         payable and accrued taxes and
         expenses                            (  4,739)      2,634   (  2,188)
                                               ------      ------     ------
           Net cash provided by
             operating activities               3,900      17,332     21,434
                                               ------      ------     ------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases and originations of finance
    receivables                              ( 76,208)   ( 24,716)  ( 45,893)
  Principal collections and recoveries
    on finance receivables                     46,698      42,390     52,415
  Purchases of property and equipment        (  3,255)   (    544)  (  1,187)
  Proceeds from disposition of property
    and equipment                                 640         365        317
  Purchases of investment securities         ( 19,183)   ( 31,692)  ( 10,543)
  Proceeds from sales and maturities of
    investment securities                      27,834       6,076      1,002
  Proceeds from sale of investment in
    affiliate                                  11,300                     
                                               ------      ------     ------
           Net cash used by investing
             activities                      ( 12,174)   (  8,121)  (  3,889)
                                               ------      ------     ------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Payments on notes payable                  (    890)   (    515)  (  1,677)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock          186         662        233
  Purchase of treasury stock                 (  2,297)   (  5,852)  (    594)
  Purchase and cancellation of stock option  (  6,237)                      
                                               ------      ------     ------ 
           Net cash used by financing
             activities                      (  9,238)   (  5,705)  (  2,038)
                                               ------      ------     ------   
Net increase (decrease) in cash 
  and cash equivalents                       ( 17,512)      3,506     15,507

Cash and cash equivalents at
  beginning of year                            33,268      29,762     14,255
                                               ------      ------     ------ 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year      $15,756     $33,268    $29,762
                                               ======      ======     ======
</TABLE>

                   The accompanying notes are an integral part
                    of these consolidated financial statements

<PAGE>
                             AMERICREDIT CORP.
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

History and Operations

AmeriCredit Corp. ("the Company") was formed on August 1, 1986 and began
operations in March 1987.  Since September 1992, the Company has been in the
business of purchasing finance contracts originated by franchised and
independent car dealers, generally referred to as indirect consumer lending.
The Company operated 18 indirect consumer lending branch offices in thirteen
states and had ten marketing representatives as of June 30, 1994.  Beginning
April 1993, the Company has also financed insurance premiums for consumers
purchasing car insurance through independent insurance agents.

The Company previously engaged in the retail used car sales and finance
business.  However, in connection with a restructuring during the year ended
June 30, 1993 (see Note 10), the Company withdrew from the retail used car
sales business effective December 31, 1992.  The finance receivables
originated in this previous business are referred to as the direct lending
portfolio and are being liquidated over time as the contracts are collected
or charged-off.

Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly-owned subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany transactions and
accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.

Cash Equivalents

Investments in highly liquid securities with original maturities of 90 days or
less are included in cash and cash equivalents.

Investment Securities

Investment securities are considered held-to-maturity and are carried at
amortized cost.

Finance Receivables

Finance charge income related to finance receivables is recognized using the
interest method.  Accrual of finance charge income is suspended on finance
contracts which are the lesser of three payments or 60 days delinquent.  Fees
and commissions received and direct costs of originating loans are deferred
and amortized over the term of the related finance contracts also using the
interest method.

Provisions for losses are charged to operations in amounts sufficient to
maintain the allowance for losses at a level considered adequate to cover
estimated future losses in the existing finance receivables portfolio.  In
the indirect lending business, the Company typically purchases individual
finance contracts for a non-refundable acquisition fee on a non-recourse
basis, and such acquisition fees are also added to the allowance for losses.

<PAGE>
The Company reviews charge-off experience, delinquency reports, estimates of
the value of the underlying collateral, economic conditions and trends and
other information in order to make the necessary judgments as to the
appropriateness of the periodic provision for losses and the allowance for
losses.  Finance contracts are charged-off to the allowance for losses when
the Company repossesses the collateral or the account is otherwise deemed
uncollectible.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are carried at cost.  Depreciation is generally provided
on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

The cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are
removed from the accounts at the time of disposition, and any resulting gain or
loss is included in operations.  Maintenance, repairs, and minor replacements
are charged to operations as incurred; major replacements and betterments are
capitalized.

Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes are provided, when appropriate, in accordance with the
asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes as prescribed by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes", to recognize the tax effects of temporary differences between financial
statement and income tax accounting.

Earnings (Loss) Per Share

Earnings (loss) per share is based upon the weighted average number of shares
outstanding during each year, adjusted for any dilutive effect of warrants and
options using the treasury stock method.

2. Investment Securities

The amortized cost and estimated market value of investment securities as of
June 30, 1994, by issuer type, are as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Gross     Gross    Estimated
                    Amortized   Unrealized Unrealized   Market
                       Cost        Gains     Losses     Value  
<S>                <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. Government
 obligations        $ 5,600       $          $347     $ 5,253
State and local
 government
 obligations            550                               550
Corporate debt
 securities          10,152                    30      10,122
Mortgage-backed
 securities          10,204         3         188      10,019
                     ------        --         ---      ------
                    $26,506       $ 3        $565     $25,944
                     ======        ==         ===      ======
</TABLE>
<PAGE>



The amortized cost and estimated market value of investment securities as of
June 30, 1993, by issuer type, are as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   Gross     Gross    Estimated
                    Amortized   Unrealized Unrealized   Market
                       Cost        Gains     Losses     Value  
<S>                <C>           <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. Government
 obligations        $ 5,602       $  2      $         $ 5,604
State of Utah
 government
 obligations          4,674         32                  4,706
Other state and 
 local government
 obligations          2,550         12                  2,562
Corporate debt
 securities           4,303         32                  4,335
Mortgage and other
 asset-backed
 securities          18,028        214        32       18,210
                     ------        ---       ---       ------
                    $35,157       $292      $ 32      $35,417
                     ======        ===       ===       ======
</TABLE>

The amortized cost and estimated market value of investment securities as of
June 30, 1994, by contractual maturity, are shown below.  Expected maturities
will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right
to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Estimated
                                       Amortized     Market
                                          Cost       Value  
<S>                                    <C>         <C>
Due in one year or less                 $10,302     $10,294
Due after one year through five years     6,000       5,631
                                         ------      ------                                                    
                                         16,302      15,925
                        
Mortgage-backed securities               10,204      10,019
                                         ------      ------
                                        $26,506     $25,944
                                         ======      ======
</TABLE>

Proceeds from the sale of investment securities during the years ended June 30,
1994, 1993 and 1992 were $1,857,275, $942,000 and $1,002,000, respectively.  No
material gain or loss was realized on those sales.

<PAGE>

3. Finance Receivables

Finance receivables consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       June 30,      June 30,
                                         1994          1993  
<S>                                    <C>           <C>
Indirect consumer lending:
 Precomputed interest                   $55,617       $17,892
 Simple interest                         24,890         2,180
                                         ------        ------ 
                                         80,507        20,072
Direct lending                            8,467        45,071
Premium finance                           6,631         1,700
                                         ------        ------
 Total finance receivables               95,605        66,843
                               
Less unearned finance charges and fees ( 14,125)     ( 10,373)
                                         ------        ------ 
Principal amount of finance receivables  81,480        56,470
                          
Less allowance for losses              (  9,330)     ( 12,581)
                                         ------        ------ 
Finance receivables, net                $72,150       $43,889
                                         ======        ====== 
</TABLE>

The Company's finance contracts typically provide for finance charges on
either a precomputed or simple interest basis.  Precomputed interest finance
receivables include principal and unearned finance charges.  Simple interest
finance receivables include principal only.  All direct lending and premium
finance contracts are precomputed interest finance receivables.

Direct and indirect consumer lending finance contracts are collateralized by
car titles and the Company has the right to repossess the car in the event
that the consumer defaults on the payment terms of the contract.  A
significant portion of such finance receivables are with consumers located in
the state of Texas.

The accrual of finance charge income has been suspended on $2,244,000 and
$3,589,000 of delinquent finance contracts as of June 30, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

Contractual maturities of finance receivables for years ending June 30 are as
follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
                        <C>        <C>
                         1995       $34,828
                         1996        22,682
                         1997        15,455
                         1998         6,121
                         1999         2,394
                                     ------
                                    $81,480
                                     ======
</TABLE> 
<PAGE>
The Company's experience has been that a portion of the scheduled payments
will be received prior to contractual maturity dates.

A summary of the allowance for losses is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Years Ended              
                             June 30,      June 30,    June 30,
                               1994          1993        1992  
<S>                          <C>           <C>         <C>
Balance at beginning of year  $12,581       $37,468     $46,696
Provision for losses            1,249         7,964      39,350
Acquisition fees on indirect
 consumer lending contracts     4,716         1,389
Net charge-offs              (  9,216)     ( 34,240)   ( 48,578)
                               ------        ------      ------  
 Balance at end of year       $ 9,330       $12,581     $37,468
                               ======        ======      ======    
</TABLE>

4. Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           June 30,     June 30,
                                             1994         1993  
<S>                                        <C>          <C>
Land                                        $  700       $ 1,246
Buildings and improvements                   2,279         1,175
Leasehold improvements                                       453
Equipment                                    5,307         7,073
Furniture and fixtures                         867         1,021
                                             -----        ------
                                             9,153        10,968

Less accumulated depreciation
  and amortization                         ( 3,808)     (  5,386)
                                             -----        ------
                                            $5,345       $ 5,582
                                             =====        ======

</TABLE>

Included in property and equipment is certain leased equipment with a cost of 
$780,000 and $2,234,000, and accumulated amortization of $417,000  and
$1,429,000 as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

5. Investment in Affiliate

The Company had a joint venture arrangement with certain entities and
individuals for the purpose of establishing and operating retail used car
sales lots in the state of California.  The joint venture entity, Pacific
Automart Inc., was owned 50% by the Company and 50% by the other investors. 
On August 3, 1993, the Company sold its entire interest in the joint venture
to Pacific Automart Inc. for $11,300,000 in cash.  No gain or loss was
recognized on the sale.

<PAGE>
The joint venture investment was being accounted for using the equity method,
whereby the Company recorded its 50% share of earnings or losses of the joint
venture in its consolidated financial statements.

6.  Notes Payable

Notes payable consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          June 30,   June 30,
                                            1994       1993  
<S>                                       <C>        <C>
Obligations under capital leases,
  interest at varying rates,
  due in monthly installments
  including interest through
  November 1996, collateralized
  by certain equipment                     $385       $  792

Mortgage notes payable, interest
  at 10%, due in monthly install-
  ments including interest through
  March 1995, collateralized by
  certain land                                3          486
                                            ---        -----
                                           $388       $1,278
                                            ===        =====

</TABLE>

Maturities of notes payable for years ending June 30 are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                      <C>           <C>
                       1995         $165
                       1996          163
                       1997           60
                                     ---
                                    $388
                                     ===

</TABLE>

The Company has a revolving credit agreement with a bank under which the
Company may borrow up to $20,000,000, subject to a defined borrowing base.  No
borrowings were outstanding as of June 30, 1994.  Borrowings under the credit
agreement will be collateralized by the indirect consumer lending finance
receivables portfolio and will bear interest at the bank's prime rate (7.25%
at June 30, 1994) plus 1/2%.  The Company is also required to pay an annual
commitment fee equal to 3/8% of the unused portion of the credit agreement. 
The credit agreement, which expires on October 18, 1994, contains various
restrictive covenants requiring certain minimum financial ratios and placing
certain limitations on the incurrence of additional debt and capital
expenditures.

<PAGE>

7.  Accrued Taxes and Expenses

Accrued taxes and expenses consist of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           June 30,     June 30,
                                             1994         1993  
<S>                                       <C>           <C>

Accrued facility closing costs             $  153        $4,499
Accrued sales and use taxes                   244           794
Accrued legal costs                           718           794
Accrued payroll                               517           148
Other                                         413           626
                                            -----         -----
                                                 
                                           $2,045        $6,861
                                            =====         =====
</TABLE>

8. Commitments and Contingencies

Indirect consumer lending branch offices are generally leased for terms of up
to three years with certain rights to extend for additional periods.   Lease
expense, including amounts related to the retail sales locations prior to the
Company's exit from the retail used car sales business, was $419,000,
$1,259,000 and $2,034,000 for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  Lease commitments for years ending June 30 are as follows
(in thousands):
<TABLE>
                       <C>           <C>
                        1995          $297   
                        1996           253   
                        1997           169   
                        1998            32  
                        1999            21
                                       ---                        
                                      $772
                                       ===
</TABLE>

Four lawsuits were filed against the Company, several of its current and former
officers and directors, and certain other defendants, alleging violations of
federal securities and other laws.  The suits were originally filed in July
1990, and in October 1991, the four lawsuits were consolidated into one
action.  In May 1993, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Texas, Dallas Division, dismissed with prejudice all claims alleging
violations of federal securities laws.  The plaintiffs' state law claims were
dismissed for want of jurisdiction.  The plaintiffs appealed the dismissal to
the Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.  On August 8, 1994, the Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed the U.S. District Court's dismissal of
the lawsuit.

The Company is involved in other lawsuits arising in the normal course of
business.  In the opinion of management, the resolution of these matters will
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial
position, results of operations or liquidity.
<PAGE>

9.  Stock Options and Warrants

The Company has certain stock option plans for key employees.  The plans
generally provide for options to be granted, become exercisable, and terminate
upon terms established by a committee of the Board of Directors.

The Company also has certain stock option plans for non-employee directors. 
Except for the 1989 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors which has been
terminated as to future grants, the terms under which options are to be
granted, become exercisable and terminate are established by the plans.

A summary of stock option activity under these plans is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Options        Options Outstanding    
                              Available    Shares     Price Per Share
<S>                          <C>        <C>          <C>
Balance at July 1, 1991
 (495,965 shares
  exercisable)                2,268,669  3,770,131    $1.50 - 14.50
Granted                      (1,315,000) 1,315,000     2.50 -  4.00
Canceled                      1,480,668 (1,496,668)    1.50 - 11.75
Exercised                               (  112,665)    1.50 -  3.00
                              ---------  ---------     ------------
Balance at June 30, 1992
 (634,133 shares
  exercisable)                2,434,337  3,475,798     1.80 - 14.50
Granted                      (  545,000)   545,000     3.00 -  4.26
Canceled                        396,300 (  741,100)    2.88 -  4.38
Exercised                               (  222,167)    1.80 -  4.63
                              ---------  ---------     ------------
Balance at June 30, 1993
 (1,893,400 shares
  exercisable)                2,285,637  3,057,531     2.50 - 14.50
Granted                      (  814,880)   814,880     5.63 -  7.50
Canceled                         78,900 (   78,900)    2.88 - 14.50
Exercised                               (   33,600)    2.50 -  5.75
                              ---------  ---------     ------------
 Balance at June 30, 1994
  (2,259,465 shares
  exercisable)                1,549,657  3,759,911    $2.50 - 14.50
                              =========  =========     ============
</TABLE>

On April 24, 1991, the Company entered into a management services agreement
with Rainwater Management Partners, Ltd. ("RMP").  Pursuant to such agreement,
RMP provided certain consulting services related to strategic analysis of the
Company's operations and major policy actions and directions.  As part of the
transaction, the Company issued to RMP a stock option to purchase up to
3,500,000 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of $3.218 per share. 
Ten percent of the option was exercisable at the time of issuance, and the
balance of the option became exercisable over an 18-month period. On April 4,
1994, the Company purchased and canceled this stock option for $1.782 per
option share or $6,237,000.  The management services agreement with RMP was
also terminated.

In connection with a private stock offering in November 1989, the placement
agents received warrants to purchase 244,185 shares of the Company's common
stock at an exercise price of $7.33 per share.  These warrants expire in
September 1994.

<PAGE>

10.     Restructuring Charges

Restructuring charges consist of the following for the year ended June 30,
1993 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>
Facility closing costs                    $ 4,892
Write-down of inventories                   4,123
Write-down of retail car sales assets       2,401
Severance pay and other retail car sales
 phase out costs                            1,813
Other                                       2,175
                                           ------
                                          $15,404
                                           ======
</TABLE>

11. Income Taxes

The provision for income taxes consists of the following for the year ended
June 30, 1992(in thousands):

<TABLE>

<S>                              <C>
Current                           $11,138
Deferred                         ( 12,082)
                                   ------                                 
                                 
                                 ($   944)
                                   ======  
</TABLE>

The Company's effective income tax rate on income (loss) before income taxes
differs from the U.S. statutory tax rate as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Years Ended           
                                   June 30,  June 30,   June 30,
                                     1994      1993       1992 
<S>                                <C>        <C>        <C>
U.S. statutory tax rate              34%       (34%)      (34%)
Utilization of net operating loss
 carryforwards                      (34 )
Losses providing no income tax
 benefit                                         34        34
Alternative minimum tax and other                           4
                                     --         --         --
                                      0%         0%         4%
                                     ==         ==         ==
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
The deferred income tax provision consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Years Ended           
                                   June 30,  June 30,   June 30,
                                     1994      1993       1992 
<S>                                <C>       <C>        <C>
Provision for losses               ($2,285)  ($7,592)   ($ 3,751)
Losses with no deferred income
 tax effect                          4,168     6,097    (  8,192)
Other                              (   186)        6    (    139)
Restructuring charges              ( 1,697)    1,489            
                                     -----     -----      ------
                                    $    0    $    0    ($12,082)
                                     =====     =====      ======
</TABLE>

The deferred tax asset consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           June 30,   June 30,
                                             1994       1993  
<S>                                       <C>         <C>
Income tax net operating loss
 carryforwards                             $17,715     $16,323
Allowance for losses                         1,078       3,805
Other, net                                   1,254       2,258
                                            ------      ------
                                            20,047      22,386
                                  
Valuation allowance                       ( 20,047)   ( 22,386)
                                            ------      ------
                                           $     0     $     0
                                            ======      ======
</TABLE>      

As of June 30, 1994, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards of
$52,000,000 for income tax reporting purposes which expire between 2007 and
2009 and an alternative minimum tax carryforward of $900,000 with no
expiration date.

12. Supplemental Information

Cash payments (receipts) for interest costs and income taxes consist of the
following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Years Ended            
                                   June 30,   June 30,    June 30,
                                     1994       1993        1992 
<S>                               <C>        <C>         <C>
Interest costs (none capitalized)  $   168    $   221     $   322
Income taxes                                 ( 10,546)   (  3,779)
                 
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
During the year ended June 30, 1994, the Company sold certain property and
equipment for cash and a note receivable of $740,000.

During the year ended June 30, 1992, a capital lease obligation of $603,000
was incurred when the Company entered into a lease for equipment.

Effective July 1, 1993, the Company established a defined contribution
retirement plan covering substantially all employees.  The Company's
contribution to the plan, which was made in Company common stock, was $55,000
for the year ended June 30, 1994.

The Company incurred advertising costs of $465,000 and $1,880,000 during the
years ended June 30, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


Board of Directors and Shareholders
  AmeriCredit Corp.

  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
AmeriCredit Corp. as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended June 30, 1994.  These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AmeriCredit
Corp. as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
June 30, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.





Fort Worth, Texas
August 9, 1994


<PAGE>
                            AMERICREDIT CORP.
                            Common Stock Data

The Company's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol ACF.  There were 28,748,973 shares of common stock outstanding as of
June 30, 1994. 

The following table sets forth the range of the high, low and closing sale
prices for the Company's common stock as reported on the Composite Tape of New
York Stock Exchange Listed Issues.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 High      Low        Close
<S>                           <C>        <C>         <C>
Fiscal year ended June 30, 1994:
  First Quarter                $ 6.50     $ 5.00     $ 5.88
  Second Quarter                 8.00       5.75       7.75        
  Third Quarter                  8.13       5.38       6.50      
  Fourth Quarter                 6.50       5.13       5.88

Fiscal year ended June 30, 1993: High      Low        Close
  First Quarter                $ 3.75     $ 2.13     $ 3.50
  Second Quarter                 4.13       2.88       4.00
  Third Quarter                  4.50       3.38       3.63
  Fourth Quarter                 5.38       3.25       5.13

                                                  
</TABLE>

As of June 30, 1994, there were approximately 626 shareholders of record of
the Company's common stock.


<PAGE>
                                AMERICREDIT CORP.
                                 Quarterly Data
                                   (Unaudited)
                  (dollars in thousands, except per share data)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          First       Second      Third       Fourth
                         Quarter      Quarter    Quarter      Quarter
<S>                   <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
Fiscal year ended
  June 30, 1994:

Finance charge income  $    2,896  $    3,006  $    3,099  $    3,787
Provision for losses          288         264         336         361
Net income                  1,135       1,334       1,210       1,386
Earnings per share            .04         .04         .04         .05
Weighted average
  shares and share
  equivalents          31,842,088  32,614,405  32,487,816  30,345,589
                       
                          First       Second      Third       Fourth
                         Quarter      Quarter    Quarter      Quarter
Fiscal year ended
  June 30, 1993:

Finance charge income  $    4,263   $    3,638  $    3,123  $    2,880
Sales (a)                   5,468        2,803 
Provision for losses        1,680        6,045          78         161
Restructuring charges                   15,404  
Net income (loss)      (      191)  (   21,260)      1,169         916
Earnings (loss)
  per share            (      .01)  (      .73)        .04         .03
Weighted average
  shares and share
  equivalents          30,093,629   28,936,768  30,148,691  30,709,141

</TABLE>
    
(a)  The Company withdrew from the retail used car sales business effective   
    December 31, 1992.
<PAGE>
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Corporate Headquarters:
200 Bailey Avenue
Fort Worth, Texas 76107
(817) 332-7000

Investor Relations Information:
For financial/investment data and general information about AmeriCredit Corp.,
write the Investor Relations Department at the above address, or telephone
(817) 882-7009.

Shareholder Services:
For shareholder account information and other shareholder services, write the
Corporate Secretary at the above address, or telephone (817) 882-7009.

Annual Meeting:
The Annual Meeting of the Company will be held on November 9, 1994 at 10:00
a.m. in the Trinity Room on the 12th floor of the Fort Worth Club, 306 West
7th Street, Fort Worth, Texas.  All shareholders are cordially invited to
attend.

Transfer Agent and Registrar:
Society National Bank
c/o Society Shareholder Services, Inc.
1201 Elm Street, #5050
Dallas, Texas 75270-2014
Direct Dial  (214) 871-8844
Toll Free (800) 527-7844

Independent Accountants:
Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.
301 Commerce Street, Suite 1900
Fort Worth, Texas 76102-4119

Form 10-K:
Shareholders may obtain without charge a copy of the company's Annual Report
on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, by writing
to the Investor Relations Department at the Corporate Headquarters address.  

<PAGE>
Directors

Clifton H. Morris, Jr.
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President
AmeriCredit Corp.

Michael R. Barrington
Vice President
AmeriCredit Corp.
President and Chief Operating Officer
AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.

Daniel E. Berce
Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
AmeriCredit Corp.

James H. Greer
President
Shelton W. Greer Co., Inc.

Gerald W. Haddock
President and Chief Operating Officer
Crescent Real Estate Equities Limited, L.P.

Kenneth H. Jones, Jr.
Attorney
Decker, Jones, McMackin, McClane, 
Hall & Bates, P.C.

<PAGE>
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

AmeriCredit Corp.:

Clifton H. Morris, Jr.
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President

Michael R. Barrington
Vice President

Daniel E. Berce
Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

Chris A. Choate
General Counsel and Secretary

AmeriCredit Financial Services, Inc.:

Michael R. Barrington
President and Chief Operating Officer

Dennis R. Adams
Senior Vice President and 
Director of Collections

Edward H. Esstman
Senior Vice President and Director of 
Consumer Finance


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
